external/vpx-jps-pokemon/README.md, before:

# Pokémon Pinball, JPs (Original 2016)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-jps-pokemon-preview.png)


---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [vpforums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=12258) | 5.5.0| [jpsalas](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=277)|
| **B2S** | [vpforums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=12269) | 1.1 | [hauntfreaks](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=73849)|
| **DMD** | None | None | None |
| **ROM** | None | None | None |


**Tested by:** [Curt](https://github.com/Old-Cyrus)

---

## Status 
**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | 60 |

---

## Instructions


---
NOTE: Please be sure to download the manual from the table page, as the "Hold Either Flipper For Instant Info" feature is not working (doesn't work on PC either)

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-jps-pokemon/README.md, after:

# Pokémon Pinball, JPs (Original 2016)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-jps-pokemon-preview.png)


---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [vpforums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=12258) | 5.5.0| [jpsalas](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=277)|
| **B2S** | [vpforums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=12269) | 1.1 | [hauntfreaks](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=73849)|
| **DMD** | None | None | None |
| **ROM** | None | None | None |


**Tested by:** [Curt](https://github.com/Old-Cyrus)

---

## Status 
**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | 60 |

---

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
---
