external/vpx-tnes/README.md, before:

# Neverending Story, The (Original 2021)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-tnes.png)

Authors: [oly2](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/51096-oly2/)  
Version: 1.0.0  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/15488-neverending-story-mod/)

DirectB2S

Authors: [ZandysArcade](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/14501-the-neverending-story-b2s/)

Media

File name: TNES.rar  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/15488-neverending-story-mod/)

ROM

None

Tested by: evilwraith

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | 60 |

## Instructions

- Download the media listed above, extract and copy TNES folder to external/vpx-tnes/Music
- "I still have no idea what she named herself. Even the subtitles are like ¯\_(ツ)_/¯" -evilwraith

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-tnes/README.md, after:

# Neverending Story, The (Original 2021)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-tnes.png)

Authors: [oly2](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/51096-oly2/)  
Version: 1.0.0  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/15488-neverending-story-mod/)

DirectB2S

Authors: [ZandysArcade](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/14501-the-neverending-story-b2s/)

Media

File name: TNES.rar  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/15488-neverending-story-mod/)

ROM

None

Tested by: evilwraith

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | 60 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Download the media listed above, extract and copy TNES folder to external/vpx-tnes/Music
- "I still have no idea what she named herself. Even the subtitles are like ¯\_(ツ)_/¯" -evilwraith
