external/vpx-cheetah/README.md, before:

# Cheetah (Stern 1980)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-cheetah-preview.jpg)

Authors: [Frank_Enstein](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/57481-frank_enstein/)  
Version: 1.0.2  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/21223-cheetah-stern-1980/)

DirectB2S

Authors: [HauntFreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  
Version: 1.0.0  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/21230-cheetah-stern-1980-b2s/)

ROM

*requires two roms  
Download #1: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/1661-cheetahzip/)  
Download #2: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/450-cheetah2zip/)  
ROM Names and versions: cheetah.zip and cheetah2.zip

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 32 |

## Instructions

- Place cheetah.zip and cheetah2.zip ROMS in the external/vpx-cheetah/pinmame/roms folder *Do Not unzip*!
- "Live and Hunt like the Cheetah in the Wild"

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-cheetah/README.md, after:

# Cheetah (Stern 1980)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-cheetah-preview.jpg)

Authors: [Frank_Enstein](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/57481-frank_enstein/)  
Version: 1.0.2  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/21223-cheetah-stern-1980/)

DirectB2S

Authors: [HauntFreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  
Version: 1.0.0  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/21230-cheetah-stern-1980-b2s/)

ROM

*requires two roms  
Download #1: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/1661-cheetahzip/)  
Download #2: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/450-cheetah2zip/)  
ROM Names and versions: cheetah.zip and cheetah2.zip

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 32 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Place cheetah.zip and cheetah2.zip ROMS in the external/vpx-cheetah/pinmame/roms folder *Do Not unzip*!
- "Live and Hunt like the Cheetah in the Wild"
