external/vpx-xfiles/README.md, before:

# X Files (Sega 1997)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-xfiles.png)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author |
|:---------:|:----:|:-------:|:------:|
| VPX | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/14912-the-x-files-sega-1997/) | 1.2.9 | [TastyWasps](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/44724-tastywasps/) |
| B2S | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/14927-x-files-sega-1997-b2s-with-full-dmd/) | 1.0.0 | [Hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/) |
| DMD | Included with B2S | N/A | N/A |
| ROM | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=1077) | xfiles.zip | N/A |

**Tested by:** [Bla1ze]

---

## Status
**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 40 |

---

## Instructions
- "Trust no-one!"

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-xfiles/README.md, after:

# X Files (Sega 1997)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-xfiles.png)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author |
|:---------:|:----:|:-------:|:------:|
| VPX | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/14912-the-x-files-sega-1997/) | 1.2.9 | [TastyWasps](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/44724-tastywasps/) |
| B2S | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/14927-x-files-sega-1997-b2s-with-full-dmd/) | 1.0.0 | [Hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/) |
| DMD | Included with B2S | N/A | N/A |
| ROM | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=1077) | xfiles.zip | N/A |

**Tested by:** [Bla1ze]

---

## Status
**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 40 |

---

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- "Trust no-one!"
