external/vpx-johnnymnemonic/README.md, before:

# Johnny Mnemonic (Williams 1995)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-johnnymnemonic.png)

Authors: [drakkon](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/51568-drakkon/)  
Version: 1.0  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/11964-johnny-mnemonic-williams-1995-drakkon-mod-10/)

DirectB2S

Authors: [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  
Version: 1.0  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/13622-johnny-mnemonic-williams-1995-b2s-with-full-dmd/)

ROM

Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=1270)

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 41 |

## Instructions

- Copy the contents of this repo folder to your USB drive
- Add your personalized launcher.elf and rename it to vpx-johnnymnemonic.elf
- Download the table and directb2s versions listed above and copy them into this folder
- Make sure (.vpx), (.directb2s), and (.ini) files are all named the same
- Place ROM zip file into vpx-johnnymnemonic/pinmame/roms folder. DO NOT UNZIP!

Commit message:

Updated Table and added glove control to use nudge buttons

external/vpx-johnnymnemonic/README.md, after:

# Johnny Mnemonic (Williams 1995)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-johnnymnemonic.png)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [VPForums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=15289) | 2.1 | [bigus1](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=107629) |
| **B2S** | [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/13622-johnny-mnemonic-williams-1995-b2s-with-full-dmd/) | 1.0 | [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/) |
| **ROM** | [VPForums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=1270) | N/A | N/A |

**Tested by:** [Reboot & Bla1ze]

---

## Status 
Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 56 |

---

## Instructions
- Copy the contents of this repo folder to your USB drive
- Add your personalized launcher.elf and rename it to `vpx-johnnymnemonic.elf`
- Download the table and directb2s versions listed above, extract (if necessary) and copy them into `vpx-johnnymnemonic`
- Rom file (FILENAME.zip) stays in zip folder, place zip file in `vpx-johnnymnemonic/pinmame/roms`
- Make sure `(.vpx)` `(.direct2b2s)` and `(.ini)` are all named the same.
- Glove forward and back are set to the left and right nudge buttons.
