external/vpx-301bullseye/README.md, before:

# 301 Bullseye (Grand Products 1986)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-301bullseye.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author |
|:---------:|:----:|:-------:|:------:|
| VPX | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?s=1626316605b94c1502262391eba17e6a&app=downloads&showfile=17011) | 5.5.0 | [JPSalas](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=277) |
| B2S | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/23078-301-bullseye-grand-products-1986-backglass/) | 1.0.1 | [Abhcoide](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/48895-abhcoide/) |
| DMD | N/A | N/A | N/A |
| ROM | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=637) | N/A | N/A |

**Tested by:** [Boris]

---

## Status 
**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 57 |

---

## Instructions
- Bullseye!

## Notes
- Press Start to initialize the table before adding credits.

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-301bullseye/README.md, after:

# 301 Bullseye (Grand Products 1986)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-301bullseye.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author |
|:---------:|:----:|:-------:|:------:|
| VPX | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?s=1626316605b94c1502262391eba17e6a&app=downloads&showfile=17011) | 5.5.0 | [JPSalas](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=277) |
| B2S | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/23078-301-bullseye-grand-products-1986-backglass/) | 1.0.1 | [Abhcoide](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/48895-abhcoide/) |
| DMD | N/A | N/A | N/A |
| ROM | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=637) | N/A | N/A |

**Tested by:** [Boris]

---

## Status 
**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 57 |

---

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Bullseye!

## Notes
- Press Start to initialize the table before adding credits.
