external/vpx-theleprechaunking/README.md, before:

# The Leprechaun King

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-theleprechaunking.jpg)

Author: [ScottyWic](https://orbitalpin.com/)  

Tested by: Bla1ze 

Version: 35  


Download: [Orbital Pin](https://orbitalpin.com/downloads/)

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | 40 |

---

<br>

<table>
  <tr>
    <td style="background-color: #FFDDDD; padding: 0; border-left: 4px solid #FF0000;">
      <div style="padding: 8px 12px; background-color: #FFCCCB; font-weight: bold;font-size: 20px;">
        <strong>⚠️ WARNING ⚠️</strong>
      </div>
      <div style="padding: 12px 12px 12px 12px;">
        Manually added puppacks are not supported by the VPXS 4KP team<br>
		We will not be able to help you diagnose issues until this puppack is in the Wizard<br>
		You can however find a guide here on the wiki to help you install it yourself: <a href="https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B08%5D-%E2%9D%A4%EF%B8%8F-Pup-Pack-%E2%80%90-Manual-Install">❤️ Pup Pack ‐ Manual Install</a>
      </div>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Instructions

- In order for Pup Pack to work, create pupvideos folder and place extracted "leprechaun" folder inside
- A leprechaun's luck can be yours if you're brave enough to try 🍀

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-theleprechaunking/README.md, after:

# The Leprechaun King

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-theleprechaunking.jpg)

Author: [ScottyWic](https://orbitalpin.com/)  

Tested by: Bla1ze 

Version: 35  


Download: [Orbital Pin](https://orbitalpin.com/downloads/)

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | 40 |

---

<br>

<table>
  <tr>
    <td style="background-color: #FFDDDD; padding: 0; border-left: 4px solid #FF0000;">
      <div style="padding: 8px 12px; background-color: #FFCCCB; font-weight: bold;font-size: 20px;">
        <strong>⚠️ WARNING ⚠️</strong>
      </div>
      <div style="padding: 12px 12px 12px 12px;">
        Manually added puppacks are not supported by the VPXS 4KP team<br>
		We will not be able to help you diagnose issues until this puppack is in the Wizard<br>
		You can however find a guide here on the wiki to help you install it yourself: <a href="https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B08%5D-%E2%9D%A4%EF%B8%8F-Pup-Pack-%E2%80%90-Manual-Install">❤️ Pup Pack ‐ Manual Install</a>
      </div>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- In order for Pup Pack to work, create pupvideos folder and place extracted "leprechaun" folder inside
- A leprechaun's luck can be yours if you're brave enough to try 🍀
