external/vpx-maverick/README.md, before:

# Maverick (Data East 1994)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-maverick.png)

Author: [VPinWorkshop](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/40692-vpinworkshop/)  
Version: Maverick (Data East 1994) VPW Version 1.3  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/7028-maverick-vpw-for-vpx-107-data-east-1994/)

DirectB2S

Author: [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  
Version: Maverick (Data East 1994) b2s with full dmd Version 1.0.0  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/12438-maverick-data-east-1994-b2s-with-full-dmd/)

ROM:  
mav_402.zip

Author: [Rock-ola](https://pinballnirvana.com/forums/members/rock-ola.1/)  
Download: [Pinball Nirvana](https://pinballnirvana.com/forums/resources/mav_402.2065/)

Tested by:
[TechZombie]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 35 |

## Instructions

- Maverick: My old pappy always used to say, "there is no more deeply satisfying religious experience... than cheatin' on a cheater."

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-maverick/README.md, after:

# Maverick (Data East 1994)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-maverick.png)

Author: [VPinWorkshop](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/40692-vpinworkshop/)  
Version: Maverick (Data East 1994) VPW Version 1.3  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/7028-maverick-vpw-for-vpx-107-data-east-1994/)

DirectB2S

Author: [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  
Version: Maverick (Data East 1994) b2s with full dmd Version 1.0.0  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/12438-maverick-data-east-1994-b2s-with-full-dmd/)

ROM:  
mav_402.zip

Author: [Rock-ola](https://pinballnirvana.com/forums/members/rock-ola.1/)  
Download: [Pinball Nirvana](https://pinballnirvana.com/forums/resources/mav_402.2065/)

Tested by:
[TechZombie]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 35 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Maverick: My old pappy always used to say, "there is no more deeply satisfying religious experience... than cheatin' on a cheater."
