external/vpx-creepshow/README.md, before:

# Creepshow (Original 2022)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-creepshow.jpg)

Table

Author: [balutito](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/36070-balutito/)    
Filename: (Version 1.2) Creepshow.vpx  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/8790-creepshow/)

Backglass

Author: [balutito](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/36070-balutito/)  
Filename: Backglass Option1.rar  
directb2s Version: (Version 1.0.0) Creepshow.directb2s  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/8791-alternative-b2s-and-backglass-for-creepshow/)

Download the Installation pack as it contains music files needed for the table to run.

Installation Pack

Author: [balutito](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/36070-balutito/)  
Filename: (Version 1.2) installation.rar  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/8790-creepshow/)

ROM

Author: [TechZombie]  
Tales From The Crypt - ROM  
Filename: tftc_400.zip  
Download: [Archive](https://archive.org/details/tftc_400)

MD5: 2B9CEBEC0C4F841F182F34EDDF1F16D1  
SHA-1: EE33229CE688A5D6EB9174512CFE6CEE0468B076
  
Tested by:  
[TechZombie]

## Status 

**Table Notes: Some audio is currently not working (error21). Color/Custom DMD is not working (not currently supported by standalone)**

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 42 |

## Instructions

- Download and unzip the installation zip. Copy (Music) into /external/vpx-creepshow
- "Meteor shit!" - Jordy Verrill

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-creepshow/README.md, after:

# Creepshow (Original 2022)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-creepshow.jpg)

Table

Author: [balutito](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/36070-balutito/)    
Filename: (Version 1.2) Creepshow.vpx  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/8790-creepshow/)

Backglass

Author: [balutito](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/36070-balutito/)  
Filename: Backglass Option1.rar  
directb2s Version: (Version 1.0.0) Creepshow.directb2s  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/8791-alternative-b2s-and-backglass-for-creepshow/)

Download the Installation pack as it contains music files needed for the table to run.

Installation Pack

Author: [balutito](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/36070-balutito/)  
Filename: (Version 1.2) installation.rar  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/8790-creepshow/)

ROM

Author: [TechZombie]  
Tales From The Crypt - ROM  
Filename: tftc_400.zip  
Download: [Archive](https://archive.org/details/tftc_400)

MD5: 2B9CEBEC0C4F841F182F34EDDF1F16D1  
SHA-1: EE33229CE688A5D6EB9174512CFE6CEE0468B076
  
Tested by:  
[TechZombie]

## Status 

**Table Notes: Some audio is currently not working (error21). Color/Custom DMD is not working (not currently supported by standalone)**

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 42 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Download and unzip the installation zip. Copy (Music) into /external/vpx-creepshow
- "Meteor shit!" - Jordy Verrill
