external/vpx-jpzarza/README.md, before:

# Zarza (Taito do Brasil 1982)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-jps-zarza-preview.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=13488) | 5.5.0 | [JP Salas](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=277) |
| **B2S** | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/4979-zarza-taito-1982/) | 2.1 | [Wildman](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5-wildman/) |
| **ROM** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=570) | zarza | [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5) |

---

## Status 
Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 60 |

---

## Instructions


---

**MD5:** ec7c2ad31a1939cf8f9863b0ed79ec4d

**Tested by:** Shaver

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-jpzarza/README.md, after:

# Zarza (Taito do Brasil 1982)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-jps-zarza-preview.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=13488) | 5.5.0 | [JP Salas](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=277) |
| **B2S** | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/4979-zarza-taito-1982/) | 2.1 | [Wildman](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5-wildman/) |
| **ROM** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=570) | zarza | [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5) |

---

## Status 
Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 60 |

---

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
---
