external/vpx-conan/README.md, before:

# Conan (Rowamet 1983)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-conan.png)

Authors: [xenonph](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=14100) [batch](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=30858) [JPSalas](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=277) 
Version: 2.1
Download: [VPForums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=13053)

DirectB2S

Authors: [gothrutt](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=113691)  
Version: 1.0.1  
Download: [VPForums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=12626)

ROM

ROM Name: rollstob.zip  
Download: [VPForums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=681)  

SHA1:  
MD5:  

Tested by: Parceval

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-2042-1431983

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 55 |

## Instructions

- Copy the Conan folder containing .off files into vpx-conan/Music
- Conan, what is best in life?

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-conan/README.md, after:

# Conan (Rowamet 1983)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-conan.png)

Authors: [xenonph](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=14100) [batch](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=30858) [JPSalas](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=277) 
Version: 2.1
Download: [VPForums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=13053)

DirectB2S

Authors: [gothrutt](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=113691)  
Version: 1.0.1  
Download: [VPForums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=12626)

ROM

ROM Name: rollstob.zip  
Download: [VPForums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=681)  

SHA1:  
MD5:  

Tested by: Parceval

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-2042-1431983

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 55 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Copy the Conan folder containing .off files into vpx-conan/Music
- Conan, what is best in life?
