external/vpx-transformers/README.md, before:

# Transformers Pro (Stern 2011)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-transformers.png)

Author: [RobbyKingPin](hhttps://vpuniverse.com/profile/10146-robbykingpin/) 

Tested by: Bla1ze

Version: 2.1  

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/15565-transformers-pro-stern-2011-v21-dt-fs-fss-vr/)

DirectB2S

Author: [Hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  

Version: 1.1.0  

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/15569-transformers-stern-2011-b2s-with-full-dmd/)

ROM

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/3477-transformers-v18/)

SHA: 2cf14888aeb9a11a05ba67fd8f9dbf47200d0325

MD5: 995a8b225a416da70a56ac0bb41c919f

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 40 |

## Instructions

- "Autobots... Transform and roll out!"

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-transformers/README.md, after:

# Transformers Pro (Stern 2011)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-transformers.png)

Author: [RobbyKingPin](hhttps://vpuniverse.com/profile/10146-robbykingpin/) 

Tested by: Bla1ze

Version: 2.1  

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/15565-transformers-pro-stern-2011-v21-dt-fs-fss-vr/)

DirectB2S

Author: [Hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  

Version: 1.1.0  

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/15569-transformers-stern-2011-b2s-with-full-dmd/)

ROM

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/3477-transformers-v18/)

SHA: 2cf14888aeb9a11a05ba67fd8f9dbf47200d0325

MD5: 995a8b225a416da70a56ac0bb41c919f

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 40 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- "Autobots... Transform and roll out!"
