external/vpx-popeye/README.md, before:

# Popeye Saves the Earth (Bally 1994)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-popeye.png)

Author: [TastyWasps](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/44724-tastywasps/)  
Version: 1.2.5  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/16143-popeye-saves-the-earth-bally-1994/)

DirectB2S

Author: [Hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  
Version: 1.0.0  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/12498-popeye-saves-the-earth-bally-1994-b2s-with-full-dmd/)

ROM

Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=1272)

SHA: 83c38560f3a6646f254e6bd0f0a0ed52633ccfce  
MD5: 04d420e6d493d1d65b7228a0694d390be

Tested by: Bla1ze

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|----------|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 35 |

## Instructions

- Note: While this table largely works great, there is a chance the ball may get stuck at times requiring a relaunch. 
- "I'm strong to the finish cause I eats me spinach!" :muscle:

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-popeye/README.md, after:

# Popeye Saves the Earth (Bally 1994)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-popeye.png)

Author: [TastyWasps](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/44724-tastywasps/)  
Version: 1.2.5  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/16143-popeye-saves-the-earth-bally-1994/)

DirectB2S

Author: [Hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  
Version: 1.0.0  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/12498-popeye-saves-the-earth-bally-1994-b2s-with-full-dmd/)

ROM

Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=1272)

SHA: 83c38560f3a6646f254e6bd0f0a0ed52633ccfce  
MD5: 04d420e6d493d1d65b7228a0694d390be

Tested by: Bla1ze

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|----------|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 35 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Note: While this table largely works great, there is a chance the ball may get stuck at times requiring a relaunch.
- "I'm strong to the finish cause I eats me spinach!" :muscle:
