external/vpx-nascar/README.md, before:

# Nascar (Stern 2005)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-nascar.png)

Author: [TastyWasps](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/44724-tastywasps/)  
Version: 1.17  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/18982-nascar-stern-2005/)

DirectB2S

Author: [Hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  
Version: 1.0.0  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/18983-nascar-stern-2005-b2s-with-full-dmd/)

ROM

Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=157)

SHA: 7b37c8e914ae58270ba9bbade33532672efe4d67  
MD5: 328e83dca300153030d4ee803fc90de2

Tested by: Bla1ze

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 40 |

## Instructions

- You're off to the races 🏁

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-nascar/README.md, after:

# Nascar (Stern 2005)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-nascar.png)

Author: [TastyWasps](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/44724-tastywasps/)  
Version: 1.17  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/18982-nascar-stern-2005/)

DirectB2S

Author: [Hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  
Version: 1.0.0  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/18983-nascar-stern-2005-b2s-with-full-dmd/)

ROM

Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=157)

SHA: 7b37c8e914ae58270ba9bbade33532672efe4d67  
MD5: 328e83dca300153030d4ee803fc90de2

Tested by: Bla1ze

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 40 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- You're off to the races 🏁
