external/vpx-mustangbullitt/README.md, before:

# Mustang Bullitt LE

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-mustangbullitt.png)

Author(s): [balutito](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/36070-balutito/)  
Version:  Mustang Bullitt LE.rar Version 1.0.0
Download:  [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/10654-mustang-bullitt-le-by-balutito/)

DirectB2S

Version: Mustang Bullitt LE Version 1.0.0

Author(s): [balutito](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/36070-balutito/) 
Download:  [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/10652-backglass-b2s-mustang-bullitt-le/)

ROM: mt_145h.zip
Mustang Limited Edition (V1.45)

Author(s): [CarnyPriest](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/1146-carnypriest/)
Download:  [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/4129-mustang-limited-edition-v145/)

Tested by:
[TechZombie]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 37 |

## Instructions

- Go fire up your Vpin and enjoy!
- "Bullshit! Get the hell out of here, now." ---Bullitt

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-mustangbullitt/README.md, after:

# Mustang Bullitt LE

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-mustangbullitt.png)

Author(s): [balutito](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/36070-balutito/)  
Version:  Mustang Bullitt LE.rar Version 1.0.0
Download:  [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/10654-mustang-bullitt-le-by-balutito/)

DirectB2S

Version: Mustang Bullitt LE Version 1.0.0

Author(s): [balutito](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/36070-balutito/) 
Download:  [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/10652-backglass-b2s-mustang-bullitt-le/)

ROM: mt_145h.zip
Mustang Limited Edition (V1.45)

Author(s): [CarnyPriest](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/1146-carnypriest/)
Download:  [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/4129-mustang-limited-edition-v145/)

Tested by:
[TechZombie]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 37 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Go fire up your Vpin and enjoy!
- "Bullshit! Get the hell out of here, now." ---Bullitt
