external/vpx-thelaststarfighter/README.md, before:

# Last Starfighter, The (Taito, 1983)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-last-starfighter-preview.jpg)

Author: [rascal](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=347)  
Version: Last Starfighter, The (Taito, 1983) hybrid v1.04.zip  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=17327)

DirectB2S

Author: [xenonph](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=14100)  
Version: Last Starfighter, The (Taito, 1983) v1.01.zip  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=17241)

Note: Need to download this build to get Last Starfighter, The (Taito, 1983) v1.01.directB2S file and the Music folder LStarfighter.

ROM

Version: fireactd.zip  
Fire Action Deluxe - ROM

Author: [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5)  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=584)

Tested by:
[TechZombie]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 60 |

## Instructions

- Install this table through the Table Manager, using the `Add Table` > `Manual` page
- If you need help, more infomation found on the wiki: [TM - Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Open V1.01 and copy "LStarfighter" folder into "music" folder on your USB drive
- "Greetings, Starfighter. You have been recruited by the Star League to defend the Frontier against Xur and the Ko-dan Armada." ---Centauri

Commit message:

The Last Starfighter Diff
This provides a VPU Remix dif file for the Last Starfighter.

Changes in the dif:

* Reduced Image pf.webp and playfield.webp from 1975 x 4096 to 987 x 2048.

Table.ini Changes:
BackBufferScale = 0.41666
FXAA = 4

Setting FXAA to 4 and adjusting the image sizes seems to have gained the
most benefit in a FPS and a latency perspective.

external/vpx-thelaststarfighter/README.md, after:

# Last Starfighter, The (Taito, 1983)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-last-starfighter-preview.jpg)

Author: [rascal](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=347)  
Version: Last Starfighter, The (Taito, 1983) hybrid v1.04.zip  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=17327)

DirectB2S

Author: [xenonph](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=14100)  
Version: Last Starfighter, The (Taito, 1983) v1.01.zip  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=17241)

Note: Need to download this build to get Last Starfighter, The (Taito, 1983) v1.01.directB2S file and the Music folder LStarfighter.

ROM

Version: fireactd.zip  
Fire Action Deluxe - ROM

Author: [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5)  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=584)

Tested by:
[TechZombie]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 53 |

## Instructions
- You can use VPU Remix or VPX Tools to apply the table.dif file, you must apply the dif before you upload the VPX
  through table manager otherwise the dif won't work correctly.

- Install this table through the Table Manager, using the `Add Table` > `Manual` page
- If you need help, more information found on the wiki: [TM - Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Open V1.01 and copy "LStarfighter" folder into "music" folder on your USB drive
- "Greetings, Starfighter. You have been recruited by the Star League to defend the Frontier against Xur and the Ko-dan Armada." ---Centauri
