external/vpx-bugs/README.md, before:

# Bugs Bunny Birthday Ball (Bally 1991)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-bugs.png)

Author: [wrd1972](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/7788-wrd1972/) 

Tested by: Bla1ze

Version: 2.3b

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/14364-bugs-bunnys-birthday-ball-bally-1991/)

DirectB2S

Author: [Hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  

Version: 1.0.0

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/17218-bugs-bunny-birthday-ball-bally-1989-alt-b2s-with-full-dmd/)

ROM

Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=954)

SHA: c2eeb0d4100a0e82af91e9d8eb50a34e69a1710d

MD5: 970d59cad33064953f538147a4298a9e

Alt Color

Author: [ebor](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/29168-ebor/)  

Version: 1.0.0

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/15841-bugs-bunny-birthday-ball-bally-1991-dmd-64-colors-serum-format/)


## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|----------|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 40 |

## Instructions

- That's all folks!

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-bugs/README.md, after:

# Bugs Bunny Birthday Ball (Bally 1991)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-bugs.png)

Author: [wrd1972](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/7788-wrd1972/) 

Tested by: Bla1ze

Version: 2.3b

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/14364-bugs-bunnys-birthday-ball-bally-1991/)

DirectB2S

Author: [Hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  

Version: 1.0.0

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/17218-bugs-bunny-birthday-ball-bally-1989-alt-b2s-with-full-dmd/)

ROM

Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=954)

SHA: c2eeb0d4100a0e82af91e9d8eb50a34e69a1710d

MD5: 970d59cad33064953f538147a4298a9e

Alt Color

Author: [ebor](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/29168-ebor/)  

Version: 1.0.0

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/15841-bugs-bunny-birthday-ball-bally-1991-dmd-64-colors-serum-format/)


## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|----------|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 40 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- That's all folks!
