external/vpx-aerosmith/README.md, before:

# Aerosmith (Pro) (Stern/Tribute 2017) 

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-aerosmith-preview.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author |
|:---------:|:----:|:-------:|:------:|
| VPX | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/13403-aerosmith-pro-sterntribute-2017-v102zip-with-vr/) | 1.0 | [allknowing2012](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5615-allknowing2012/) |
| B2S | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/13413-aerosmith-stern-2017flex-b2s-with-full-dmd/) | 3.1 | [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/) |
| DMD | N/A | N/A | N/A |
| ROM | N/A | N/A | N/A |

**Tested by:** [OminousOsie]

---

## Status
**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | 44 |

---

## Instructions
- Download the PupPack, copy the contents of the music folder into external/vpx-aerosmith/Music/Aerosmith/
- Do NOT rename VPReg.ini file

## Notes
- Music Files
- Author: [allknowing2012](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5615-allknowing2012/)
- Version: 1.0 
- PupPack: [MEGA download link for PupPack](https://mega.nz/file/ErxEHAQY#9G1aWoR0aDAAFfz_bK3XrCB0clRzn5n7sBwzd7FX6-8)

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-aerosmith/README.md, after:

# Aerosmith (Pro) (Stern/Tribute 2017) 

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-aerosmith-preview.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author |
|:---------:|:----:|:-------:|:------:|
| VPX | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/13403-aerosmith-pro-sterntribute-2017-v102zip-with-vr/) | 1.0 | [allknowing2012](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5615-allknowing2012/) |
| B2S | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/13413-aerosmith-stern-2017flex-b2s-with-full-dmd/) | 3.1 | [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/) |
| DMD | N/A | N/A | N/A |
| ROM | N/A | N/A | N/A |

**Tested by:** [OminousOsie]

---

## Status
**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | 44 |

---

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Download the PupPack, copy the contents of the music folder into external/vpx-aerosmith/Music/Aerosmith/
- Do NOT rename VPReg.ini file

## Notes
- Music Files
- Author: [allknowing2012](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5615-allknowing2012/)
- Version: 1.0 
- PupPack: [MEGA download link for PupPack](https://mega.nz/file/ErxEHAQY#9G1aWoR0aDAAFfz_bK3XrCB0clRzn5n7sBwzd7FX6-8)
