external/vpx-bloodmachines/README.md, before:

# Blood Machines (Original 2022)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-bloodmachines.png)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/9847-blood-machines-vpw-original-2022) | 2.0 | [VPinWorkshop](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/40692-vpinworkshop/) |
| **B2S** | [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/13458-bloodmachines-vpw-2021-b2s-with-full-dmd/) | 1.0.0 |[hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks//) |
| **DMD** | N/A | N/A | N/A |
| **ROM** | N/A | N/A | N/A |

**Tested by:** [Bla1ze]

---

## Status 
**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** 10.8.0-1983-b84441e

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | 27 |

---

## Instructions

- Be sure to upload the "BloodMachinesDMD" folder to vpx-bloodmachines
- In order to fully enjoy the table and play it as it was designed to be played, you will need to [purchase the awesome soundtrack by Carpenter Brut (about £5/$5/5e)](https://carpenterbrut.bandcamp.com/album/blood-machines-ost) and place the MP3s in: vpx-bloodmachines/Music/BLOOD MACHINES OST

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-bloodmachines/README.md, after:

# Blood Machines (Original 2022)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-bloodmachines.png)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/9847-blood-machines-vpw-original-2022) | 2.0 | [VPinWorkshop](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/40692-vpinworkshop/) |
| **B2S** | [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/13458-bloodmachines-vpw-2021-b2s-with-full-dmd/) | 1.0.0 |[hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks//) |
| **DMD** | N/A | N/A | N/A |
| **ROM** | N/A | N/A | N/A |

**Tested by:** [Bla1ze]

---

## Status 
**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** 10.8.0-1983-b84441e

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | 27 |

---

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Be sure to upload the "BloodMachinesDMD" folder to vpx-bloodmachines
- In order to fully enjoy the table and play it as it was designed to be played, you will need to [purchase the awesome soundtrack by Carpenter Brut (about £5/$5/5e)](https://carpenterbrut.bandcamp.com/album/blood-machines-ost) and place the MP3s in: vpx-bloodmachines/Music/BLOOD MACHINES OST
