external/vpx-dukenukem3d/README.md, before:

# Duke Nukem 3D (Original 2020)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-dukenukem3d.png)

Authors: [ivantba](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=123858)  
Download File Name: Duke Nukem 3D (TBA 2020).rar  
Filename: Duke Nukem 3D (TBA 2020).vpx  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=14731)

DirectB2S is included in Table Zip
  
Filename: Duke Nukem 3D (TBA 2020).directb2s

ROM 

Authors: [ivantba](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=123858)  
Filename: skatebll.zip  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=674)

Tested by: TechZombie

**This Table is Rated R For Language and Nudity**

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 60 |

## Instructions

- Select/Copy Music Folder and move to external/vpx-dukenukem3d
- "Damn, that's the second time those alien bastards shot up my ride!" - Duke Nukem

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-dukenukem3d/README.md, after:

# Duke Nukem 3D (Original 2020)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-dukenukem3d.png)

Authors: [ivantba](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=123858)  
Download File Name: Duke Nukem 3D (TBA 2020).rar  
Filename: Duke Nukem 3D (TBA 2020).vpx  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=14731)

DirectB2S is included in Table Zip
  
Filename: Duke Nukem 3D (TBA 2020).directb2s

ROM 

Authors: [ivantba](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=123858)  
Filename: skatebll.zip  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=674)

Tested by: TechZombie

**This Table is Rated R For Language and Nudity**

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 60 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Select/Copy Music Folder and move to external/vpx-dukenukem3d
- "Damn, that's the second time those alien bastards shot up my ride!" - Duke Nukem
