external/vpx-jpmetallica/README.md, before:

# Metallica Pro, JPs (Stern 2013)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-jpmetallica.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=18612) | 5.5.1 | [jpsalas](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?s=c4190c252e4b0afe20488a58dfe99e31&showuser=277)  |
| **B2S** | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/10947-metallica-premium-monsters-stern-2013-b2s-with-full-dmd/) | Choose "Metallica Pro (Stern 2013).zip" | [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  |
| **ROM** | [Stern](https://sternpinball.com/?post_type=game_code&s=metallica%20Pro%201.80%20Game%20Code) | MTL180.BIN | Stern |

**Tested by:** [mcap]


## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 60 |

## Instructions

- Use the Metallica Pro 1.80 Game Code link to download the ROM
- Rename `MTL180LE.BIN` to `mtl180h.bin`, then zip it to `mtl_180h.zip`

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-jpmetallica/README.md, after:

# Metallica Pro, JPs (Stern 2013)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-jpmetallica.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=18612) | 5.5.1 | [jpsalas](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?s=c4190c252e4b0afe20488a58dfe99e31&showuser=277)  |
| **B2S** | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/10947-metallica-premium-monsters-stern-2013-b2s-with-full-dmd/) | Choose "Metallica Pro (Stern 2013).zip" | [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  |
| **ROM** | [Stern](https://sternpinball.com/?post_type=game_code&s=metallica%20Pro%201.80%20Game%20Code) | MTL180.BIN | Stern |

**Tested by:** [mcap]


## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 60 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Use the Metallica Pro 1.80 Game Code link to download the ROM
- Rename `MTL180LE.BIN` to `mtl180h.bin`, then zip it to `mtl_180h.zip`
