external/vpx-grease/README.md, before:

# Grease (Original 2020)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-grease-preview.png)

Table

Author: [LAROUILLAS](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/46701-larouillas/)  
Filename:  Grease (Original 2020).vpx  
VPX Version: ( Version 1.0.0) Grease (Original 2020).vpx  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/8103-grease-original-2020/)

Backglass

Author: [LAROUILLAS](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/46701-larouillas/)  
Filename: Grease (Original 2020).directb2s  
VPX Version: (V2.0.0) Grease (Original 2020).directb2s  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/8100-grease-original-2020-v200/)

ROM

Author: [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5)  
Elvis (5.00) - ROM  
Filename: elvis.zip  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=319)

MD5: 95432F7585D7F00F57903EBFFC54C103  
SHA-1: 3C770207CFB74BEA4553E51765825FFBD5D0AA9F

OPTIONAL - COLORED DMD

Author: [Boroka](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/56302-boroka/)  
Version: (1.0.0)  grease.cRZ  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/17835-grease-original-2023-serum-colorization-elvis-re-imagining/)

Music

Author: [TechZombie]  
Version: (1.0.0)  Grease.zip  
Download: [Archive](https://archive.org/details/grease_202409)
  
Tested and Fixed by:  
[TechZombie]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 60 |

## Instructions

- Extract and open (Grease.zip), place folder into vpx-grease/Music/Grease
- If using the Alt Color, download and rename grease.cRZ file to elvis.cRZ and place it in vpx-grease/pinmame/altcolor/elvis
- "Why, this car is auto-matic. It's system-matic. Its hyyyyydro-matic. Why, it's greased lightning!" - Danny Zuko

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-grease/README.md, after:

# Grease (Original 2020)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-grease-preview.png)

Table

Author: [LAROUILLAS](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/46701-larouillas/)  
Filename:  Grease (Original 2020).vpx  
VPX Version: ( Version 1.0.0) Grease (Original 2020).vpx  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/8103-grease-original-2020/)

Backglass

Author: [LAROUILLAS](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/46701-larouillas/)  
Filename: Grease (Original 2020).directb2s  
VPX Version: (V2.0.0) Grease (Original 2020).directb2s  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/8100-grease-original-2020-v200/)

ROM

Author: [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5)  
Elvis (5.00) - ROM  
Filename: elvis.zip  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=319)

MD5: 95432F7585D7F00F57903EBFFC54C103  
SHA-1: 3C770207CFB74BEA4553E51765825FFBD5D0AA9F

OPTIONAL - COLORED DMD

Author: [Boroka](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/56302-boroka/)  
Version: (1.0.0)  grease.cRZ  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/17835-grease-original-2023-serum-colorization-elvis-re-imagining/)

Music

Author: [TechZombie]  
Version: (1.0.0)  Grease.zip  
Download: [Archive](https://archive.org/details/grease_202409)
  
Tested and Fixed by:  
[TechZombie]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 60 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Extract and open (Grease.zip), place folder into vpx-grease/Music/Grease
- If using the Alt Color, download and rename grease.cRZ file to elvis.cRZ and place it in vpx-grease/pinmame/altcolor/elvis
- "Why, this car is auto-matic. It's system-matic. Its hyyyyydro-matic. Why, it's greased lightning!" - Danny Zuko
