external/vpx-rockytko/README.md, before:

# Rocky TKO (Original 2021)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-rocky-preview.jpg)

Authors: [Dr.Nobody](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/31560-drnobody/)  
Download File Name: 1160767996_RockyTKOv1.1.zip  
Filename: Rocky_TKO_v1.1.vpx  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/7604-rocky-tko-tribute/)

DirectB2S included with Table.zip file. 

ROM included in Table.zip file.  
Filename: ali.zip

Music

Authors: [TechZombie]  
Filename: music.zip  
Download: [Internet Archive](https://archive.org/details/music_202501)

Tested by: TechZombie

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 55 |

## Instructions

- Unzip music.zip, Select/Copy Music Folder and move to external/vpx-rockytko
- "See that look in their eyes, Rock? You gotta get that look back, Rock. Eye of the tiger, man." - Apollo Creed

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-rockytko/README.md, after:

# Rocky TKO (Original 2021)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-rocky-preview.jpg)

Authors: [Dr.Nobody](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/31560-drnobody/)  
Download File Name: 1160767996_RockyTKOv1.1.zip  
Filename: Rocky_TKO_v1.1.vpx  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/7604-rocky-tko-tribute/)

DirectB2S included with Table.zip file. 

ROM included in Table.zip file.  
Filename: ali.zip

Music

Authors: [TechZombie]  
Filename: music.zip  
Download: [Internet Archive](https://archive.org/details/music_202501)

Tested by: TechZombie

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 55 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Unzip music.zip, Select/Copy Music Folder and move to external/vpx-rockytko
- "See that look in their eyes, Rock? You gotta get that look back, Rock. Eye of the tiger, man." - Apollo Creed
