external/vpx-gremlins/README.md, before:

# Gremlins (Original 2022)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-gremlins.jpg)

Authors: [balutito](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/36070-balutito/)  
Download File: Gremlins by Balutito 1.7.rar  
Filename: Gremlins by Balutito 1.7.vpx  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/10546-gremlins-by-balutito)

DirectB2S Included in Table Download  
Filename: Gremlins by Balutito 1.7.directb2s

Music Located in Table Zip  
File/Folder-Name: gremlins.mp3

Rom included with Table Download  
File/Folder-Name: victory.zip

Tested by: TechZombie

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 45 |

## Instructions

- Copy (gremlins.mp3) file to vpx-gremlins/music
- WARNING: 1. Do not play in direct sunlight 2. Do not drink water while playing 3. And above all never play after midnight!

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-gremlins/README.md, after:

# Gremlins (Original 2022)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-gremlins.jpg)

Authors: [balutito](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/36070-balutito/)  
Download File: Gremlins by Balutito 1.7.rar  
Filename: Gremlins by Balutito 1.7.vpx  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/10546-gremlins-by-balutito)

DirectB2S Included in Table Download  
Filename: Gremlins by Balutito 1.7.directb2s

Music Located in Table Zip  
File/Folder-Name: gremlins.mp3

Rom included with Table Download  
File/Folder-Name: victory.zip

Tested by: TechZombie

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 45 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Copy (gremlins.mp3) file to vpx-gremlins/music
- WARNING: 1. Do not play in direct sunlight 2. Do not drink water while playing 3. And above all never play after midnight!
