external/vpx-captainspaulding/README.md, before:

# Captain Spaulding's Museum Of Monsters And Madmen 

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-captainspaulding.png)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/23876-captain-spauldings-museum-of-monsters-and-madmen/) | 1.2.0 | [Zandy'sArcade](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/57949-zandysarcade/) |
| **B2S** | Included w/ Table | 1.0.0 |[Zandy'sArcade](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/57949-zandysarcade/) |
| **DMD** | N/A | N/A | N/A |
| **ROM** | N/A | N/A | N/A |

**Tested by:** [Bla1ze]

**Additional Notes:** The table runs fine however, if you leave it running but are not playing it (Attract Mode), there is the potential it will lock up your 4KP requiring a reboot. This does **not** affect the gameplay and only happens if left alone for 5 minutes or longer. 

---

## Status 
**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** 10.8.0-1983-b84441e
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | 35 |

---

## Instructions

- RIP Sid Haig! 🤡

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-captainspaulding/README.md, after:

# Captain Spaulding's Museum Of Monsters And Madmen 

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-captainspaulding.png)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/23876-captain-spauldings-museum-of-monsters-and-madmen/) | 1.2.0 | [Zandy'sArcade](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/57949-zandysarcade/) |
| **B2S** | Included w/ Table | 1.0.0 |[Zandy'sArcade](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/57949-zandysarcade/) |
| **DMD** | N/A | N/A | N/A |
| **ROM** | N/A | N/A | N/A |

**Tested by:** [Bla1ze]

**Additional Notes:** The table runs fine however, if you leave it running but are not playing it (Attract Mode), there is the potential it will lock up your 4KP requiring a reboot. This does **not** affect the gameplay and only happens if left alone for 5 minutes or longer. 

---

## Status 
**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** 10.8.0-1983-b84441e
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | 35 |

---

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- RIP Sid Haig! 🤡
