external/vpx-thething/README.md, before:

# The Thing (Balutito Reskin)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-thething.png)

Author(s): [balutito](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/36070-balutito/)  
Version: The Thing Balutito MOD.rar  Version 1.0.0
Download:  [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/10139-the-thing-balutito-reskin/)

DirectB2S

Version: The Thing Balutito MOD.directb2s file included in table zip. 

Medias:
Medias Pack The Thing.rar

ROM: ali.zip
Ali - ROM

Author(s): [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5)
Download:  [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=741)

Tested by:
[TechZombie]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 57 |

## Instructions

- Download the Medias Pack The Thing.rar and unzip it.
- Open the Music file and copy both (.mp3) files into the music file on your USB drive.
- Go fire up your Vpin turn down the lights and get ready for a new vision in terror!
- "Somebody in this camp ain't what he appears to be. Right now that may be one or two of us. By Spring, it could be all of us." ---MacReady

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-thething/README.md, after:

# The Thing (Balutito Reskin)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-thething.png)

Author(s): [balutito](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/36070-balutito/)  
Version: The Thing Balutito MOD.rar  Version 1.0.0
Download:  [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/10139-the-thing-balutito-reskin/)

DirectB2S

Version: The Thing Balutito MOD.directb2s file included in table zip. 

Medias:
Medias Pack The Thing.rar

ROM: ali.zip
Ali - ROM

Author(s): [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5)
Download:  [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=741)

Tested by:
[TechZombie]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 57 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Download the Medias Pack The Thing.rar and unzip it.
- Open the Music file and copy both (.mp3) files into the music file on your USB drive.
- Go fire up your Vpin turn down the lights and get ready for a new vision in terror!
- "Somebody in this camp ain't what he appears to be. Right now that may be one or two of us. By Spring, it could be all of us." ---MacReady
