external/vpx-drjekyllandmrhyde/README.md, before:

# Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (Original 2022)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-drjekyllandmrhyde.png)

Authors: [BurtMacklin](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/39250-burtmacklin/)  
Download File: Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde V1.3.7z  
Filename: Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde 1.3.vpx  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/10342-dr-jekyll-and-mr-hyde-reskin-vpx-table/)

DirectB2S Included with Table zip  
Filename: Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde 2 screen.directb2s

Music Included with Table zip  
Filenames: music (encoded at FULL VOLUME) and music (encoded at LOWER VOLUME) **Choose Only One Folder**

Rom

Authors: [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5)  
Filename: elektra.zip  
Download: [VPforums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=657)

Tested by: TechZombie

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 45 |

## Instructions

- Choose either Full Volume or Lower Volume and rename folder to (music) then Copy (music) folder to vpx-drjekyllandmrhyde
- "It is one thing to mortify curiosity, another to conquer it." - Dr. Jekyll

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-drjekyllandmrhyde/README.md, after:

# Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (Original 2022)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-drjekyllandmrhyde.png)

Authors: [BurtMacklin](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/39250-burtmacklin/)  
Download File: Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde V1.3.7z  
Filename: Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde 1.3.vpx  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/10342-dr-jekyll-and-mr-hyde-reskin-vpx-table/)

DirectB2S Included with Table zip  
Filename: Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde 2 screen.directb2s

Music Included with Table zip  
Filenames: music (encoded at FULL VOLUME) and music (encoded at LOWER VOLUME) **Choose Only One Folder**

Rom

Authors: [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5)  
Filename: elektra.zip  
Download: [VPforums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=657)

Tested by: TechZombie

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 45 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Choose either Full Volume or Lower Volume and rename folder to (music) then Copy (music) folder to vpx-drjekyllandmrhyde
- "It is one thing to mortify curiosity, another to conquer it." - Dr. Jekyll
