external/vpx-sesamestreet/README.md, before:

# Sesame Street (Original 2021)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-sesamestreet.png)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/13938-sesame-street/) | 2.0 | [ninjafu](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/11138-ninjafu/) |
| **B2S** | Included with table.zip | 1.0.0 | [ninjafu](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/11138-ninjafu/) |
| **ROM** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=701) | playboyb.zip | [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5) |

**Tested by:** [TechZombie]

---

## Status 
**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** {vpx-standalone-build-#}

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 50 |

---

## Instructions

- Select/Copy `SesameStreet` Folder and move to `vpx-sesamestreet/music`
- Oscar the Grouch: "Now leave me alone and get lost!"

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-sesamestreet/README.md, after:

# Sesame Street (Original 2021)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-sesamestreet.png)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/13938-sesame-street/) | 2.0 | [ninjafu](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/11138-ninjafu/) |
| **B2S** | Included with table.zip | 1.0.0 | [ninjafu](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/11138-ninjafu/) |
| **ROM** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=701) | playboyb.zip | [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5) |

**Tested by:** [TechZombie]

---

## Status 
**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** {vpx-standalone-build-#}

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 50 |

---

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Select/Copy `SesameStreet` Folder and move to `vpx-sesamestreet/music`
- Oscar the Grouch: "Now leave me alone and get lost!"
