external/vpx-beattheclock/README.md, before:

# Beat The Clock (Bally 1985)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-beattheclock.png)

Authors: [VPinWorkshop](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/40692-vpinworkshop/)
Version: 2.3
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/18072-beat-the-clock-bally-1985-vpw/)

DirectB2S

Authors: [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)
Version: 1.0
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/18070-beat-the-clock-bally-1985-b2s/)

ROM - Both ROMs are required for this table

Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=249) ROM Name: beatclck.zip
Download: [Internet Archive](https://archive.org/download/mame-0.236-roms-split/MAME%200.236%20ROMs%20%28split%29/beatclck2.zip) ROM Name: beatclck2.zip


## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 34 |

## Instructions

- Place beatclck.zip and beatclck2.zip in the external/vpx-beattheclock/pinmame/roms folder *Do Not unzip*

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-beattheclock/README.md, after:

# Beat The Clock (Bally 1985)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-beattheclock.png)

Authors: [VPinWorkshop](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/40692-vpinworkshop/)
Version: 2.3
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/18072-beat-the-clock-bally-1985-vpw/)

DirectB2S

Authors: [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)
Version: 1.0
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/18070-beat-the-clock-bally-1985-b2s/)

ROM - Both ROMs are required for this table

Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=249) ROM Name: beatclck.zip
Download: [Internet Archive](https://archive.org/download/mame-0.236-roms-split/MAME%200.236%20ROMs%20%28split%29/beatclck2.zip) ROM Name: beatclck2.zip


## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 34 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Place beatclck.zip and beatclck2.zip in the external/vpx-beattheclock/pinmame/roms folder *Do Not unzip*
