external/vpx-pinkpanther/README.md, before:

# Pink Panther (Gottlieb 1981) SoundMod Hybrid

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-pinkpanther-preview.jpg)

Author(s): [xenonph](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=14100)  
Version:  Pink Panther (Gottlieb 1981) SoundMod Hybrid (DT-FS-VR) v1.1.zip
Download:  [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/20596-pink-panther-gottlieb-1981-soundmod-hybrid-dt-fs-vr/)

DirectB2S

Version: Pink Panther (Gottlieb 1981).rar v1.0

Author(s): [Wildman](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5-wildman/) 
Download:  [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/3739-pink-panther-gottlieb-1981/)

ROM: pnkpnthr.zip
version: pnkpnthr 9-9-2022

Author(s): [CRock-ola]
Download:  [Pinball Nirvana](https://pinballnirvana.com/forums/resources/pnkpnthr.2182/)

Tested by:
[TechZombie]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 37 |

## Instructions

- Go fire up your Vpin and enjoy!
- "It won't be easy, that is why I have always failed where others have succeeded." ---Inspector Jacques Clouseau

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-pinkpanther/README.md, after:

# Pink Panther (Gottlieb 1981) SoundMod Hybrid

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-pinkpanther-preview.jpg)

Author(s): [xenonph](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=14100)  
Version:  Pink Panther (Gottlieb 1981) SoundMod Hybrid (DT-FS-VR) v1.1.zip
Download:  [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/20596-pink-panther-gottlieb-1981-soundmod-hybrid-dt-fs-vr/)

DirectB2S

Version: Pink Panther (Gottlieb 1981).rar v1.0

Author(s): [Wildman](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5-wildman/) 
Download:  [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/3739-pink-panther-gottlieb-1981/)

ROM: pnkpnthr.zip
version: pnkpnthr 9-9-2022

Author(s): [CRock-ola]
Download:  [Pinball Nirvana](https://pinballnirvana.com/forums/resources/pnkpnthr.2182/)

Tested by:
[TechZombie]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 37 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Go fire up your Vpin and enjoy!
- "It won't be easy, that is why I have always failed where others have succeeded." ---Inspector Jacques Clouseau
