external/vpx-luckyseven/README.md, before:

# Lucky Seven (Williams 1978)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-luckyseven-preview.png)

Author: [kiwi](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=30913)  
Version: 1.2.2   
Download: [vpforums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=12371)

DirectB2S
Author: [kiwi](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=30913)  
Version 1.0.0   
Download: [vpforums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=12372)

ROM  
Download: [vpforums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=767)  
ROM Name and version: lucky_l1.zip  

  
Tested by:  
[psybocilin]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 60 |

## Instructions

- "Life is a gamble, darling, and sometimes the only way to win is to bet on yourself."

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-luckyseven/README.md, after:

# Lucky Seven (Williams 1978)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-luckyseven-preview.png)

Author: [kiwi](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=30913)  
Version: 1.2.2   
Download: [vpforums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=12371)

DirectB2S
Author: [kiwi](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=30913)  
Version 1.0.0   
Download: [vpforums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=12372)

ROM  
Download: [vpforums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=767)  
ROM Name and version: lucky_l1.zip  

  
Tested by:  
[psybocilin]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 60 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- "Life is a gamble, darling, and sometimes the only way to win is to bet on yourself."
