external/vpx-texaschainsawmassacre/README.md, before:

# Texas Chainsaw Massacre 1974, The (Original 2020)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-texas-chainsaw-preview.jpg)

Tested by: Mox 

## Information 
| File Type | Link | Version | Author(s) | 
|:---------:|:----:|:-------:|:---------:|
| VPX | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=15385) | 1.0 | [ivantba](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=123858) |
| DirectB2S | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=15385) | 1.0 | [ivantba](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=123858) |
| ROM | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=6182) | nautilus | [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5) |

## Status 
Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|:---------:|:--------:|:---------:|:---:|:------------:|:---:|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 60 |

## Instructions 
- The table .zip includes a link in its 'Music' folder to download music. The downloaded .mp3 should be placed in a folder called "music" in the **vpx-texaschainsawmassacre** folder. 
- "Who will survive, and what will be left of them?"

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-texaschainsawmassacre/README.md, after:

# Texas Chainsaw Massacre 1974, The (Original 2020)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-texas-chainsaw-preview.jpg)

Tested by: Mox 

## Information 
| File Type | Link | Version | Author(s) | 
|:---------:|:----:|:-------:|:---------:|
| VPX | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=15385) | 1.0 | [ivantba](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=123858) |
| DirectB2S | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=15385) | 1.0 | [ivantba](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=123858) |
| ROM | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=6182) | nautilus | [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5) |

## Status 
Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|:---------:|:--------:|:---------:|:---:|:------------:|:---:|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 60 |

## Instructions 

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- The table .zip includes a link in its 'Music' folder to download music. The downloaded .mp3 should be placed in a folder called "music" in the **vpx-texaschainsawmassacre** folder.
- "Who will survive, and what will be left of them?"
