external/vpx-medusa/README.md, before:

# Medusa (Bally 1981)
Tested by: kaoticBPR

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-medusa.png).png.a33fdcb4de301d45dd8fc098ce593e0f.png)

Table

Authors: [UnclePaulie](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/16685-unclepaulie/)  
Version: 2.0.1  
Download [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/15137-medusa-bally-1981-w-vr-room/)


DirectB2S

Authors: [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  
Version: 2.5  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/12171-medusa-bally-1981-prototype-authentic-lighting/)

ROM  

Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=659)

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013  

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 32 |

## Instructions

- "Bally MEDUSA... A Legend of Features"

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-medusa/README.md, after:

# Medusa (Bally 1981)
Tested by: kaoticBPR

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-medusa.png).png.a33fdcb4de301d45dd8fc098ce593e0f.png)

Table

Authors: [UnclePaulie](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/16685-unclepaulie/)  
Version: 2.0.1  
Download [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/15137-medusa-bally-1981-w-vr-room/)


DirectB2S

Authors: [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  
Version: 2.5  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/12171-medusa-bally-1981-prototype-authentic-lighting/)

ROM  

Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=659)

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013  

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 32 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- "Bally MEDUSA... A Legend of Features"
