external/vpx-mastersoftheuniverse/README.md, before:

# Masters of the Universe (Original 2018)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-mastersoftheuniverse.jpg)-PF.jpg.df5cf3839d4baacbbf51309073f6348e.jpg)

Authors: [psiomicron](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/34108-psiomicron/)  
Download File Name: VR ROOM Masters of the Universe 1.1 Minimal.zip  
Filename: VR ROOM Masters of the Universe 1.1 Minimal.vpx  
Download: [VP Forums](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/6075-vr-room-masters-of-the-universe-minimal/)

DirectB2S included with Table.

No ROM Needed for Table

Tested by: TechZombie

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | 54 |

## Instructions

- MUSIC: Also in the table zip, there is a "Music heman" folder. Extract, then rename this folder to "Music" and copy the contents to external/vpx-mastersoftheuniverse
- MUSIC: The Music folder will then look like this: external/vpx-mastersoftheuniverse/Music (music files in Music)
- "By the power of Grayskull, I have the power!" - He-Man transforming

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-mastersoftheuniverse/README.md, after:

# Masters of the Universe (Original 2018)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-mastersoftheuniverse.jpg)-PF.jpg.df5cf3839d4baacbbf51309073f6348e.jpg)

Authors: [psiomicron](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/34108-psiomicron/)  
Download File Name: VR ROOM Masters of the Universe 1.1 Minimal.zip  
Filename: VR ROOM Masters of the Universe 1.1 Minimal.vpx  
Download: [VP Forums](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/6075-vr-room-masters-of-the-universe-minimal/)

DirectB2S included with Table.

No ROM Needed for Table

Tested by: TechZombie

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | 54 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- MUSIC: Also in the table zip, there is a "Music heman" folder. Extract, then rename this folder to "Music" and copy the contents to external/vpx-mastersoftheuniverse
- MUSIC: The Music folder will then look like this: external/vpx-mastersoftheuniverse/Music (music files in Music)
- "By the power of Grayskull, I have the power!" - He-Man transforming
