external/vpx-clockofetfog/README.md, before:

# Clock of Eternal Fog (Original 2024)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-clockofetfog.png)

Authors: [CrimsonTurtle8](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=49512)  
Version: 1.1  
Download: [VPForums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=18410)

DirectB2S

Included with table

ROM

None

Tested by: evilwraith

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :x: | 60 |

## Instructions

- Install this table through the Table Manager, using the `Add Table` > `Manual` page
- If you need help, more infomation found on the wiki: [TM - Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.

Commit message:

Add Clock of Eternal Fog to Wizard
Add Clock of Eternal Fog to Wizard

external/vpx-clockofetfog/README.md, after:

# Clock of Eternal Fog (Original 2024)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-clockofetfog.png)

Authors: [CrimsonTurtle8](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=49512)  
Version: 1.1  
Download: [VPForums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=18410)

DirectB2S

Backglass contained in "Clock B2S, Wheel, POV.zip"

ROM

None

Tested by: evilwraith

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :x: | 60 |

## Instructions

- Download all 4 rar files, extract from the file marked part 1. You will need 7zip or WinRAR.
- Install this table through the Table Manager, using the `Add Table` > `Wizard` page
- If you need help, more infomation found on the wiki: [TM - Add Table - Wizard](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B03%5D-%F0%9F%92%9A-Table-Manager-%E2%80%90-Wizard)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
