external/vpx-ali/README.md, before:

# Ali (Stern 1980)  

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-ali.png)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author |
|:---------:|:----:|:-------:|:------:|
| VPX | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/19395-ali-stern-1980/) | 1.09 | [TastyWasps](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/44724-tastywasps/) |
| B2S | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/17191-ali-stern-1980-b2s-backglass-full-dmd/) | 1.0.0 | [purcho](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/121-purcho/) |
| DMD | N/A | N/A | N/A |
| ROM | [VP Universe](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=741) | N/A | N/A |

**Tested by:** [Bla1ze]

---

## Status 
**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** 10.8.0-1983-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 55 |

---

## Instructions
- "Don't count the days, make the days count." - Ali 🥊

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-ali/README.md, after:

# Ali (Stern 1980)  

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-ali.png)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author |
|:---------:|:----:|:-------:|:------:|
| VPX | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/19395-ali-stern-1980/) | 1.09 | [TastyWasps](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/44724-tastywasps/) |
| B2S | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/17191-ali-stern-1980-b2s-backglass-full-dmd/) | 1.0.0 | [purcho](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/121-purcho/) |
| DMD | N/A | N/A | N/A |
| ROM | [VP Universe](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=741) | N/A | N/A |

**Tested by:** [Bla1ze]

---

## Status 
**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** 10.8.0-1983-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 55 |

---

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- "Don't count the days, make the days count." - Ali 🥊
