external/vpx-bubbatheredneckwerewolf/README.md, before:

# Bubba the Redneck Werewolf (Original 2017)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-bubbatheredneckwerewolf.png)

Authors: [hauntfreaks](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=73849)  
Filename: Bubba the Redneck Werewolf (2017)1.1.vpx  
Download: [VP Universe](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=13158)

DirectB2S

Authors: [hauntfreaks](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=73849)  
Filename: Bubba the Redneck Werewolf (HauntFreaks 2017) alt.directb2s  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/22036-bubba-the-redneck-werewolf-hauntfreaks-2017-alt-b2s/)

Custom ROM (hlywoodh.zip) is included in Table Pack

Tested by: TechZombie

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 40 |

## Instructions

- In the town of "Broken Taint" located in Cracker County Fla (The land that time forgot and is damn proud of it!) - Bubba

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-bubbatheredneckwerewolf/README.md, after:

# Bubba the Redneck Werewolf (Original 2017)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-bubbatheredneckwerewolf.png)

Authors: [hauntfreaks](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=73849)  
Filename: Bubba the Redneck Werewolf (2017)1.1.vpx  
Download: [VP Universe](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=13158)

DirectB2S

Authors: [hauntfreaks](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=73849)  
Filename: Bubba the Redneck Werewolf (HauntFreaks 2017) alt.directb2s  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/22036-bubba-the-redneck-werewolf-hauntfreaks-2017-alt-b2s/)

Custom ROM (hlywoodh.zip) is included in Table Pack

Tested by: TechZombie

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 40 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- In the town of "Broken Taint" located in Cracker County Fla (The land that time forgot and is damn proud of it!) - Bubba
