external/vpx-elvirashouseofhorrors/README.md, before:

# Elvira's House of Horrors Remix (Original 2021)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-elvirashouseofhorrors.png)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/7336-elvira-limited-edition/) | (Version 1.1) Elvira limited edition.vpx <br />2107259514_packElvira.zip | [marty02](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/16531-marty02/)  |
| **B2S** | is included with Table Zip  |  | [marty02](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/16531-marty02/) |
| **DMD** | none |  |  |
| **ROM** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=959) | eatpm_l4.zip <br />**MD5:** 27F95F381AA86D4F747EACBC0A9E9A8A <br />**SHA-1:** D656FF421F7C9A7B6B8AFE5F535EBBB39D3763DC | [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5) |

**Tested and Fixed by:** [TechZombie]

---

## Status 

**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** 10.8.0-1983-b84441e

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 38 |

---

## Instructions

> Elvira Mistress of the Dark - "How 'bout another ball?"

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-elvirashouseofhorrors/README.md, after:

# Elvira's House of Horrors Remix (Original 2021)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-elvirashouseofhorrors.png)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/7336-elvira-limited-edition/) | (Version 1.1) Elvira limited edition.vpx <br />2107259514_packElvira.zip | [marty02](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/16531-marty02/)  |
| **B2S** | is included with Table Zip  |  | [marty02](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/16531-marty02/) |
| **DMD** | none |  |  |
| **ROM** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=959) | eatpm_l4.zip <br />**MD5:** 27F95F381AA86D4F747EACBC0A9E9A8A <br />**SHA-1:** D656FF421F7C9A7B6B8AFE5F535EBBB39D3763DC | [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5) |

**Tested and Fixed by:** [TechZombie]

---

## Status 

**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** 10.8.0-1983-b84441e

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 38 |

---

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
> Elvira Mistress of the Dark - "How 'bout another ball?"
