external/vpx-castlevaniasotn/README.md, before:

# Castlevania - Symphony of the Night (Original 2022)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-castlevaniasotn.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/11454-sotn-mephisto-mod/) | SOTN (Mephisto Mod).vpx | [Supergibson](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/48714-supergibson/) |
| **B2S & DMD** | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/11462-castlevania-symphony-of-the-night-backglass/) | Castlevania Symphony of the Night.directb2s | [BurtMacklin](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/39250-burtmacklin/) |
| **ROM** | none |  |  |

**Tested by:** [TechZombie]

---

## Status 

**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | 60 |

---

## Instructions

> "Dracula! In the name of my Mother, I will defeat you again!" - Alucard
s

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-castlevaniasotn/README.md, after:

# Castlevania - Symphony of the Night (Original 2022)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-castlevaniasotn.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/11454-sotn-mephisto-mod/) | SOTN (Mephisto Mod).vpx | [Supergibson](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/48714-supergibson/) |
| **B2S & DMD** | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/11462-castlevania-symphony-of-the-night-backglass/) | Castlevania Symphony of the Night.directb2s | [BurtMacklin](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/39250-burtmacklin/) |
| **ROM** | none |  |  |

**Tested by:** [TechZombie]

---

## Status 

**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | 60 |

---

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
> "Dracula! In the name of my Mother, I will defeat you again!" - Alucard
