external/vpx-mrandmrspacman/README.md, before:

# Mr. and Mrs. Pac-Man (Bally 1982)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-mrandmrspacman.jpg).jpg.5f612dcd112f6df74de111c1c3170d56.jpg)

Authors: [Goldchicco](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/23579-goldchicco/)  
Version: 1.0  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/7589-mr-and-mrs-pac-man-bally-1982/)

DirectB2S

Authors: [Wildman](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5-wildman/)  
Version: 2.0  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/5084-mr-mrs-pac-man-bally-1982/)

Note: Use 2scr version (scoring on backglass)

ROM

ROM Name: m_mpac.zip  
Download: [VPForums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=649)

SHA: 24A69F279A608E6269F3EC8D6A2A48858F2B123A

MD5: 55813BE33F72A5D38477B780DE8F4A7F

Tested by: evilwraith

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 45 |

## Instructions

- "WAKKA WAKKA"

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-mrandmrspacman/README.md, after:

# Mr. and Mrs. Pac-Man (Bally 1982)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-mrandmrspacman.jpg).jpg.5f612dcd112f6df74de111c1c3170d56.jpg)

Authors: [Goldchicco](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/23579-goldchicco/)  
Version: 1.0  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/7589-mr-and-mrs-pac-man-bally-1982/)

DirectB2S

Authors: [Wildman](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5-wildman/)  
Version: 2.0  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/5084-mr-mrs-pac-man-bally-1982/)

Note: Use 2scr version (scoring on backglass)

ROM

ROM Name: m_mpac.zip  
Download: [VPForums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=649)

SHA: 24A69F279A608E6269F3EC8D6A2A48858F2B123A

MD5: 55813BE33F72A5D38477B780DE8F4A7F

Tested by: evilwraith

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 45 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- "WAKKA WAKKA"
