external/vpx-tangoandcash/README.md, before:

# Tango & Cash Pinball (TBA 2019)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-tango-cash-preview.jpg)

Author(s): [ivantba](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=123858)  
Version:  Tango & Cash (TBA 2019).zip (Version 1.0)
Download:  [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=16281)

DirectB2S

Tango & Cash (TBA 2019).directb2s file included in table zip.

ROM: barra_l1.zip
Barracora - ROM

Author(s): [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5)
Download:  [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=127)

Tested by:
[TechZombie]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 58 |

## Instructions

- Go fire up your Vpin and enjoy!
- "Rambo? Rambo's a p*ssy!" ---Ray Tango     "I don't know about you, but I have an aversion to getting F.U.B.A.R..." ---Gabriel Cash

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-tangoandcash/README.md, after:

# Tango & Cash Pinball (TBA 2019)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-tango-cash-preview.jpg)

Author(s): [ivantba](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=123858)  
Version:  Tango & Cash (TBA 2019).zip (Version 1.0)
Download:  [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=16281)

DirectB2S

Tango & Cash (TBA 2019).directb2s file included in table zip.

ROM: barra_l1.zip
Barracora - ROM

Author(s): [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5)
Download:  [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=127)

Tested by:
[TechZombie]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 58 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Go fire up your Vpin and enjoy!
- "Rambo? Rambo's a p*ssy!" ---Ray Tango     "I don't know about you, but I have an aversion to getting F.U.B.A.R..." ---Gabriel Cash
