external/vpx-theshadow/README.md, before:

# The Shadow (Bally 1994)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-theshadow-table.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author |  
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX**  | [ VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=17050) | The Shadow (Bally 1994)_Bigus(MOD)1.0.vpx.zip | [bigus1](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=107629) |
| **B2S & DMD** | [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/12214-the-shadow-bally-1994-b2s-with-full-dmd/) | The Shadow (Bally 1994) full dmd.zip | [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/) |
| **ROM** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=212) | ts_lx5.zip | [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5) |

**Tested by:** [TechZombie]

---


## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 52 |

---

## Instructions

- **Go fire up your Vpin and enjoy!**
> "I'll be there... around every corner... in every empty room... as inevitable as your guilty conscience."*
> 
>  -- Lamont Cranston/The Shadow

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-theshadow/README.md, after:

# The Shadow (Bally 1994)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-theshadow-table.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author |  
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX**  | [ VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=17050) | The Shadow (Bally 1994)_Bigus(MOD)1.0.vpx.zip | [bigus1](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=107629) |
| **B2S & DMD** | [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/12214-the-shadow-bally-1994-b2s-with-full-dmd/) | The Shadow (Bally 1994) full dmd.zip | [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/) |
| **ROM** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=212) | ts_lx5.zip | [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5) |

**Tested by:** [TechZombie]

---


## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 52 |

---

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- **Go fire up your Vpin and enjoy!**
> "I'll be there... around every corner... in every empty room... as inevitable as your guilty conscience."*
>
>  -- Lamont Cranston/The Shadow
