external/vpx-vampirella/README.md, before:

# Vampirella (Balutito 2024)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-vampirella.jpg)

Authors: [balutito](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/36070-balutito/)  
Version: 1.3  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/21669-vampirella-balutito-mod/)

DirectB2S

Authors: [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/21679-vampirella-balutito-2024-b2s-full-dmd/)

ROM

ROM Name: drac_l1.zip  
Download: [PinballNirvana](https://pinballnirvana.com/forums/resources/drac_l1.1734/)  

SHA1: 0122E6F44A2FCBD397C43A61AAAD9CFFFE681938  
MD5:  6DDD36020F16A3C39683E7DCF660FFFE

Tested by: Bruno15477 and evilwraith

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 50 |

## Instructions

- This table has 4 different playfield images. They are randomized by default
- Change Line 75 in the VBS to pick a specific playfield
- Change x to 0, 1, 2, or 3. Table1.Image = playfieldImages(x) 
- PICK C(2)

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-vampirella/README.md, after:

# Vampirella (Balutito 2024)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-vampirella.jpg)

Authors: [balutito](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/36070-balutito/)  
Version: 1.3  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/21669-vampirella-balutito-mod/)

DirectB2S

Authors: [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/21679-vampirella-balutito-2024-b2s-full-dmd/)

ROM

ROM Name: drac_l1.zip  
Download: [PinballNirvana](https://pinballnirvana.com/forums/resources/drac_l1.1734/)  

SHA1: 0122E6F44A2FCBD397C43A61AAAD9CFFFE681938  
MD5:  6DDD36020F16A3C39683E7DCF660FFFE

Tested by: Bruno15477 and evilwraith

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 50 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- This table has 4 different playfield images. They are randomized by default
- Change Line 75 in the VBS to pick a specific playfield
- Change x to 0, 1, 2, or 3. Table1.Image = playfieldImages(x)
- PICK C(2)
