external/vpx-jphotball/README.md, before:

# Hot Ball (Taito do Brasil 1979)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-jps-hotball-preview.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=14514) | 5.5.0 | [JP Salas](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=277) |
| **B2S** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=13673) | 1.1 | [Editoy](hhttps://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=80626) |
| **ROM** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=708) | eightbll | [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5) |

---

## Status 
Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 60 |

---

## Instructions


---

**MD5**: bea5925ca8e1fb4ebbeb1dfb89779eec

**Tested by:** Shaver

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-jphotball/README.md, after:

# Hot Ball (Taito do Brasil 1979)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-jps-hotball-preview.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=14514) | 5.5.0 | [JP Salas](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=277) |
| **B2S** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=13673) | 1.1 | [Editoy](hhttps://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=80626) |
| **ROM** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=708) | eightbll | [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5) |

---

## Status 
Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 60 |

---

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
---
