external/vpx-transporter/README.md, before:

# Transporter: The Rescue (Bally 1989)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-transporter.png)

Author: [VPin Workshop](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/40692-vpinworkshop/)  
Version: 1.05  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/7899-transporter-the-rescue-bally-1989-vpw/)

DirectB2S
 
Author: [Hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  
Version: 1.0.0 - Download the 2scr version  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/9507-transporter-the-rescue-midway-1989-2scrfull-dmd41-dmd/)

ROM (tsptr_l3)

Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=129)

SHA: 90194afb0ed641e04abfc5b7d935b9695fc9f0fd  
MD5: 7547afa874f381fb07dbb3e632156c1f

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 30 |

## Instructions


- Mayday, mayday, mayday! 🆘

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-transporter/README.md, after:

# Transporter: The Rescue (Bally 1989)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-transporter.png)

Author: [VPin Workshop](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/40692-vpinworkshop/)  
Version: 1.05  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/7899-transporter-the-rescue-bally-1989-vpw/)

DirectB2S
 
Author: [Hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  
Version: 1.0.0 - Download the 2scr version  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/9507-transporter-the-rescue-midway-1989-2scrfull-dmd41-dmd/)

ROM (tsptr_l3)

Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=129)

SHA: 90194afb0ed641e04abfc5b7d935b9695fc9f0fd  
MD5: 7547afa874f381fb07dbb3e632156c1f

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 30 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Mayday, mayday, mayday! 🆘
