external/vpx-queen/README.md, before:

# Queen: Show must go on (Original 2022)


![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-queen-preview.jpg)

Authors: [Marty02](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/16531-marty02/)  
Version: 3.5  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/11583-queen-show-must-go-on/)

DirectB2S

None

ROM

No Rom Required

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-2042-1431983

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | 60 |

---

<br>

<table>
  <tr>
    <td style="background-color: #FFDDDD; padding: 0; border-left: 4px solid #FF0000;">
      <div style="padding: 8px 12px; background-color: #FFCCCB; font-weight: bold;font-size: 20px;">
        <strong>⚠️ WARNING ⚠️</strong>
      </div>
      <div style="padding: 12px 12px 12px 12px;">
        Manually added puppacks are not supported by the VPXS 4KP team<br>
		We will not be able to help you diagnose issues until this puppack is in the Wizard<br>
		You can however find a guide here on the wiki to help you install it yourself: <a href="https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B08%5D-%E2%9D%A4%EF%B8%8F-Pup-Pack-%E2%80%90-Manual-Install">❤️ Pup Pack ‐ Manual Install</a>
      </div>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Instructions

- Extract "Queen show must go on.UltraDMD" folder from the zip to the vpx-queen folder.
- In your vpx-queen folder, create a new folder named music.
- Extract "wembley" folder from the zip into the music folder you created.
- In your vpx-queen folder, create a new folder named pupvideos.
- Extract "Mini pup/QUEEN_original_2022" folder from the zip into the pupvideos folder you created.
- From your vpx-queen folder, unzip the use_these_pup_files.zip and place them inside the pupvideos/QUEEN_original_2022 folder, and overwrite files if prompted.
- When you start a game, before you launch a ball, you can choose your song with the right flipper.
- Enjoy and we will rock you.

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-queen/README.md, after:

# Queen: Show must go on (Original 2022)


![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-queen-preview.jpg)

Authors: [Marty02](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/16531-marty02/)  
Version: 3.5  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/11583-queen-show-must-go-on/)

DirectB2S

None

ROM

No Rom Required

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-2042-1431983

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | 60 |

---

<br>

<table>
  <tr>
    <td style="background-color: #FFDDDD; padding: 0; border-left: 4px solid #FF0000;">
      <div style="padding: 8px 12px; background-color: #FFCCCB; font-weight: bold;font-size: 20px;">
        <strong>⚠️ WARNING ⚠️</strong>
      </div>
      <div style="padding: 12px 12px 12px 12px;">
        Manually added puppacks are not supported by the VPXS 4KP team<br>
		We will not be able to help you diagnose issues until this puppack is in the Wizard<br>
		You can however find a guide here on the wiki to help you install it yourself: <a href="https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B08%5D-%E2%9D%A4%EF%B8%8F-Pup-Pack-%E2%80%90-Manual-Install">❤️ Pup Pack ‐ Manual Install</a>
      </div>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Extract "Queen show must go on.UltraDMD" folder from the zip to the vpx-queen folder.
- In your vpx-queen folder, create a new folder named music.
- Extract "wembley" folder from the zip into the music folder you created.
- In your vpx-queen folder, create a new folder named pupvideos.
- Extract "Mini pup/QUEEN_original_2022" folder from the zip into the pupvideos folder you created.
- From your vpx-queen folder, unzip the use_these_pup_files.zip and place them inside the pupvideos/QUEEN_original_2022 folder, and overwrite files if prompted.
- When you start a game, before you launch a ball, you can choose your song with the right flipper.
- Enjoy and we will rock you.
