external/vpx-elvis/README.md, before:

# Elvis (Stern 2004)
Tested by: Mar3nBu

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-elvis.png)

Table

Authors: [jpsalas](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=277)

Version: 4.3.2 (File name: Elvis (Stern 2004) v4.3.2.zip)

Download [VP Forum](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=12983)


DirectB2S

Authors: [ryguy417](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/31096-ryguy417/)

Download [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/12995-elvis-stern-2004-b2s-with-full-dmd/)


ROM

Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=319)


OPTIONAL - COLORED DMD

Authors: [Boroka](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/56302-boroka/)

Download [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/16587-elvis-stern-2004-serum-colorization/)


## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 50 |


## Instructions

- You ain't nothing but a hound dog!

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-elvis/README.md, after:

# Elvis (Stern 2004)
Tested by: Mar3nBu

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-elvis.png)

Table

Authors: [jpsalas](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=277)

Version: 4.3.2 (File name: Elvis (Stern 2004) v4.3.2.zip)

Download [VP Forum](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=12983)


DirectB2S

Authors: [ryguy417](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/31096-ryguy417/)

Download [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/12995-elvis-stern-2004-b2s-with-full-dmd/)


ROM

Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=319)


OPTIONAL - COLORED DMD

Authors: [Boroka](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/56302-boroka/)

Download [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/16587-elvis-stern-2004-serum-colorization/)


## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 50 |


## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- You ain't nothing but a hound dog!
