external/vpx-papasmurf/README.md, before:

# JP's Papa Smurf

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-jps-papa-smurf-preview.jpg)

Author(s): [BorgDog](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=89975)
Original Author(s): [jpsalas](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=277)  
Download:  Papa_Smurf_1.2.0.rar 
Version:   Papa_Smurf_1.2.0.vpx  
Download:  [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=11633)  

DirectB2S included with Table Zip  
Author(s): [BorgDog](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=89975) 
DirectB2S: Papa_Smurf_1.2.0.directb2s  

ROM: No ROM Needed For This Table

Tested by: 
[TechZombie]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :x: | 60 |

## Instructions

- Go fire up your Vpin and enjoy!
- "It doesn't matter where you came from... What matters is who you choose to be." ---Papa Smurf

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-papasmurf/README.md, after:

# JP's Papa Smurf

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-jps-papa-smurf-preview.jpg)

Author(s): [BorgDog](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=89975)
Original Author(s): [jpsalas](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=277)  
Download:  Papa_Smurf_1.2.0.rar 
Version:   Papa_Smurf_1.2.0.vpx  
Download:  [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=11633)  

DirectB2S included with Table Zip  
Author(s): [BorgDog](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=89975) 
DirectB2S: Papa_Smurf_1.2.0.directb2s  

ROM: No ROM Needed For This Table

Tested by: 
[TechZombie]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :x: | 60 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Go fire up your Vpin and enjoy!
- "It doesn't matter where you came from... What matters is who you choose to be." ---Papa Smurf
