external/vpx-tmnt/README.md, before:

# Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Data East (1991)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-tmnt.png)

Authors: [Gedankekojote97](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/42203-gedankekojote97/)

Tested by: Bla1ze

Version: 1.0

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/9830-teenage-mutant-ninja-turtles-mod-nfozzy-fleep-sounds-lut/)

DirectB2S

Authors: [Mr. Flytrap](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/43240-mrflytrap/)

Version: 2.0

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/11308-tmnt-data-east-1991-animated-alternate-backglass/)

ROM

Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=827)

MD5: 2bb16b5e2a2d7090b3372ab2c3e1b218

SHA: 5ddec5644a84275b4d9ef78a46efdc509fe8b0c6

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 40 |

## Instructions

- Cowwwwwwabunga dude! 🐢

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-tmnt/README.md, after:

# Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Data East (1991)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-tmnt.png)

Authors: [Gedankekojote97](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/42203-gedankekojote97/)

Tested by: Bla1ze

Version: 1.0

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/9830-teenage-mutant-ninja-turtles-mod-nfozzy-fleep-sounds-lut/)

DirectB2S

Authors: [Mr. Flytrap](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/43240-mrflytrap/)

Version: 2.0

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/11308-tmnt-data-east-1991-animated-alternate-backglass/)

ROM

Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=827)

MD5: 2bb16b5e2a2d7090b3372ab2c3e1b218

SHA: 5ddec5644a84275b4d9ef78a46efdc509fe8b0c6

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 40 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Cowwwwwwabunga dude! 🐢
