external/vpx-acharliebrownchristmas/README.md, before:

# Charlie Brown Christmas, A (Original 2023)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-acharliebrownchristmas.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author |
|:---------:|:----:|:-------:|:------:|
| VPX | [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/17613-a-charlie-brown-christmas-feat-the-vince-guaraldi-trio-idigstuff-2023-w-vr-room/) | 1.1 | N/A |
| B2S | [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/17612-charlie-brown-christmas-original-2023-b2s-23-scn-full-dmd/) | N/A | [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/) |
| DMD | Included with B2S | N/A | N/A |
| ROM | N/A | N/A | N/A |

**Tested by:** [TechZombie]

---

## Status 
**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** 10.8.0-1983-b84441e  
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :x: | 60 |

---

## Instructions
- Download the music (Charlie Brown.zip) above, extract it and place the files into vpx-acharliebrownchristmas/Charlie Brown
- "Look, Charlie, let's face it. We all know that Christmas is a big commercial racket. It's run by a big eastern syndicate, you know." - Lucy Van Pelt

## Notes
- Music file: Charlie Brown.zip  
- Download: [Mega](https://mega.nz/folder/1VIghDZK#HE57FDs0_Bb2Hwb3odgUlg)

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-acharliebrownchristmas/README.md, after:

# Charlie Brown Christmas, A (Original 2023)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-acharliebrownchristmas.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author |
|:---------:|:----:|:-------:|:------:|
| VPX | [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/17613-a-charlie-brown-christmas-feat-the-vince-guaraldi-trio-idigstuff-2023-w-vr-room/) | 1.1 | N/A |
| B2S | [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/17612-charlie-brown-christmas-original-2023-b2s-23-scn-full-dmd/) | N/A | [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/) |
| DMD | Included with B2S | N/A | N/A |
| ROM | N/A | N/A | N/A |

**Tested by:** [TechZombie]

---

## Status 
**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** 10.8.0-1983-b84441e  
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :x: | 60 |

---

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Download the music (Charlie Brown.zip) above, extract it and place the files into vpx-acharliebrownchristmas/Charlie Brown
- "Look, Charlie, let's face it. We all know that Christmas is a big commercial racket. It's run by a big eastern syndicate, you know." - Lucy Van Pelt

## Notes
- Music file: Charlie Brown.zip  
- Download: [Mega](https://mega.nz/folder/1VIghDZK#HE57FDs0_Bb2Hwb3odgUlg)
