external/vpx-freddyled/README.md, before:

# Freddy A Nightmare On Elm Street (Gottlieb 1994) Ejse83 LED Mod

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-freddyled.png)

Authors: [ejse83](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/53365-ejse83/)

Tested by: Bla1ze

Version: 1.2

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/21224-freddy-a-nightmare-on-elm-street-gottlieb-1994-ejse83-led-mod-siggis-mod-table-12/)

DirectB2S

Authors: [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)

Version: 1.0

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/16558-freddy-a-nightmare-on-elm-street-gottlieb-1994-b2s-with-full-dmd/)

ROM

Download: [Pinball Nirvana](https://pinballnirvana.com/forums/resources/freddy.1835/)

MD5: 275e2def2c581c929770e3848e8fd652

SHA: 4fab9622a000dd7a2855f13673987f68d8a20875

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 35 |

## Instructions

- 1....2... Freddy's coming for you!

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-freddyled/README.md, after:

# Freddy A Nightmare On Elm Street (Gottlieb 1994) Ejse83 LED Mod

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-freddyled.png)

Authors: [ejse83](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/53365-ejse83/)

Tested by: Bla1ze

Version: 1.2

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/21224-freddy-a-nightmare-on-elm-street-gottlieb-1994-ejse83-led-mod-siggis-mod-table-12/)

DirectB2S

Authors: [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)

Version: 1.0

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/16558-freddy-a-nightmare-on-elm-street-gottlieb-1994-b2s-with-full-dmd/)

ROM

Download: [Pinball Nirvana](https://pinballnirvana.com/forums/resources/freddy.1835/)

MD5: 275e2def2c581c929770e3848e8fd652

SHA: 4fab9622a000dd7a2855f13673987f68d8a20875

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 35 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- 1....2... Freddy's coming for you!
