external/vpx-junglelord/README.md, before:

# Jungle Lord (Williams 1981)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-junglelord.png)

Authors: [UnclePaulie](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/16685-unclepaulie/)  
Version: 2.0.1  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/11831-jungle-lord-williams-1981-w-vr-room/)

DirectB2S

Authors: [WaRcLaWz](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/63988-warclawz/)  
Version: 1.0.0  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/15915-jungle-lord-williams-1981-b2s-with-full-dmd/)

ROM

ROM Name: jngld_l2  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=797)

SHA: e6411121181e0efd6d663ee44515f0d9849d0cf2  
MD5: ce90cc24ac8e7caf34ac87fe2606d5ad

Tested by: Bla1ze

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 30 |

## Instructions

- "You Jungle Lord" 🌴

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-junglelord/README.md, after:

# Jungle Lord (Williams 1981)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-junglelord.png)

Authors: [UnclePaulie](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/16685-unclepaulie/)  
Version: 2.0.1  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/11831-jungle-lord-williams-1981-w-vr-room/)

DirectB2S

Authors: [WaRcLaWz](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/63988-warclawz/)  
Version: 1.0.0  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/15915-jungle-lord-williams-1981-b2s-with-full-dmd/)

ROM

ROM Name: jngld_l2  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=797)

SHA: e6411121181e0efd6d663ee44515f0d9849d0cf2  
MD5: ce90cc24ac8e7caf34ac87fe2606d5ad

Tested by: Bla1ze

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 30 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- "You Jungle Lord" 🌴
