external/vpx-frankenstein/README.md, before:

# Frankenstein - Balutito MOD (Original 2022)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-frankenstein.png)

Authors: [balutito](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/36070-balutito/)  
Download File Name: 1823184329_FrankensteinVPX.rar  
Filename: Frankenstein.vpx  
Download: [VP Forums](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/8983-frankenstein-color-edition-balutito-mod/)

DirectB2S included with Table.rar file. 

ROM

Authors: [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5)  
Filename: frankst.zip  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=238)

Music

Filename: Medias FRAnk Color.rar  
Download: [VP Forums](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/8983-frankenstein-color-edition-balutito-mod/)

Tested by: TechZombie

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 40 |

## Instructions

- Download & Unzip Medias FRAnk Color.rar. Select/Copy music Folder and move to external/vpx-frankenstein
- "All men hate the wretched; how, then, must I be hated, who am miserable beyond all living things!" - The Monster

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-frankenstein/README.md, after:

# Frankenstein - Balutito MOD (Original 2022)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-frankenstein.png)

Authors: [balutito](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/36070-balutito/)  
Download File Name: 1823184329_FrankensteinVPX.rar  
Filename: Frankenstein.vpx  
Download: [VP Forums](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/8983-frankenstein-color-edition-balutito-mod/)

DirectB2S included with Table.rar file. 

ROM

Authors: [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5)  
Filename: frankst.zip  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=238)

Music

Filename: Medias FRAnk Color.rar  
Download: [VP Forums](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/8983-frankenstein-color-edition-balutito-mod/)

Tested by: TechZombie

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 40 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Download & Unzip Medias FRAnk Color.rar. Select/Copy music Folder and move to external/vpx-frankenstein
- "All men hate the wretched; how, then, must I be hated, who am miserable beyond all living things!" - The Monster
