external/vpx-thewarriors/README.md, before:

# Warriors, The (1979) Edition 2023 Reskin (Iceman 2023)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-thewarriors.png)

Author: [icepinball](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/4306-icepinball/)  
Filename:  Warriors The.zip  
VPX Version: (Version 1.0.0) Warriors The Full DMD 2.0 (Iceman 2023)  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/15908-warriors-the-1979-edition-2023-reskin-iceman-2023/)

DirectB2S is included with Table Zip  
Version: Warriors The Full DMD 2.0 (Iceman 2023).directb2s
 
Shark (Taito) - ROM   
ROM: sharkt.zip  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=572)

MD5: 2DD99073912E74D12B4FE85DCB40BC00  
SHA-1: F7AEC39344D07DF1C104D1A838DA6392AB0D2566
  
Music: music.zip  
Download: [Archive.org](https://archive.org/details/music_20240912)

Tested and Fixed by:  
[TechZombie]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 52 |

## Instructions

- Extract music.zip and place (music) folder in vpx-thewarriors
- [clicking beer bottles together] Waaaarrrrrriiiorsss, come out to pla-ay! - Luther

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-thewarriors/README.md, after:

# Warriors, The (1979) Edition 2023 Reskin (Iceman 2023)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-thewarriors.png)

Author: [icepinball](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/4306-icepinball/)  
Filename:  Warriors The.zip  
VPX Version: (Version 1.0.0) Warriors The Full DMD 2.0 (Iceman 2023)  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/15908-warriors-the-1979-edition-2023-reskin-iceman-2023/)

DirectB2S is included with Table Zip  
Version: Warriors The Full DMD 2.0 (Iceman 2023).directb2s
 
Shark (Taito) - ROM   
ROM: sharkt.zip  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=572)

MD5: 2DD99073912E74D12B4FE85DCB40BC00  
SHA-1: F7AEC39344D07DF1C104D1A838DA6392AB0D2566
  
Music: music.zip  
Download: [Archive.org](https://archive.org/details/music_20240912)

Tested and Fixed by:  
[TechZombie]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 52 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Extract music.zip and place (music) folder in vpx-thewarriors
- [clicking beer bottles together] Waaaarrrrrriiiorsss, come out to pla-ay! - Luther
