external/vpx-tenaciousd/README.md, before:

# Tenacious D (Original 2025)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-tenaciousd.png)

Authors: [ZandysArcade](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/57949-zandysarcade/)  
Filename: TENACIOUSD.vpx  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/23461-tenacious-d/)

DirectB2S 

Download File: Media Pack.zip  
Download: [VP Forums](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/23461-tenacious-d/)

ROM

Authors: [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5)  
Filename: fpwr2_l2.zip  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=808)  
MD5: 64596df579b8e19bf66f3de1c0f9e302

Tested by: TechZombie

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 33 |

## Instructions

- Select/Copy Music Folder (tenD) and move to external/vpx-tenaciousd/music
- "What do you want, 'Non-Rocker'? This line is reserved for 'Rockers Only', so I can't really talk to you right now!" - JB

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-tenaciousd/README.md, after:

# Tenacious D (Original 2025)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-tenaciousd.png)

Authors: [ZandysArcade](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/57949-zandysarcade/)  
Filename: TENACIOUSD.vpx  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/23461-tenacious-d/)

DirectB2S 

Download File: Media Pack.zip  
Download: [VP Forums](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/23461-tenacious-d/)

ROM

Authors: [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5)  
Filename: fpwr2_l2.zip  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=808)  
MD5: 64596df579b8e19bf66f3de1c0f9e302

Tested by: TechZombie

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 33 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Select/Copy Music Folder (tenD) and move to external/vpx-tenaciousd/music
- "What do you want, 'Non-Rocker'? This line is reserved for 'Rockers Only', so I can't really talk to you right now!" - JB
