external/vpx-transformersg1/README.md, before:

# Transformers G1 Generation One (TBA 2018) 1.7

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-transformersg1.png)

Author(s): [ivantba](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=123858)
Download:  Transformers G1 (Generation One) Pinball (TBA 2018).zip
Version (1.7):   Transformers G1 (Generation One) Pinball (TBA 2018).vpx
Download:  [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=13658)

DirectB2S included with Table Zip
DirectB2S: Transformers G1 (Generation One) Pinball (TBA 2018).directb2s

ROM: No ROM Needed For This Table

Tested by:
[TechZombie]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :x: | 60 |

## Instructions

- Place Music Folder ---> vpx-transformersg1
- Go fire up your Vpin and enjoy!
- "Your knowledge is only overshadowed by your stupidity!" ---Megatron

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-transformersg1/README.md, after:

# Transformers G1 Generation One (TBA 2018) 1.7

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-transformersg1.png)

Author(s): [ivantba](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=123858)
Download:  Transformers G1 (Generation One) Pinball (TBA 2018).zip
Version (1.7):   Transformers G1 (Generation One) Pinball (TBA 2018).vpx
Download:  [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=13658)

DirectB2S included with Table Zip
DirectB2S: Transformers G1 (Generation One) Pinball (TBA 2018).directb2s

ROM: No ROM Needed For This Table

Tested by:
[TechZombie]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :x: | 60 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Place Music Folder ---> vpx-transformersg1
- Go fire up your Vpin and enjoy!
- "Your knowledge is only overshadowed by your stupidity!" ---Megatron
