external/vpx-ripleys/README.md, before:

# Ripley's Believe it or Not! (Stern 2004)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-ripleys-believe-it-or-not-preview.jpg)

Author: [jpsalas](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=277)  
Version: 5.5.0  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=13043)

DirectB2S

Author: [Wildman](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5-wildman/)  
Version: 2.0.0  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/5067-ripleys-believe-it-or-not-stern-2003/)

ROM

Version 3.20  
Download [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=317)

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 50 |

## Instructions

- "I have traveled to the world's farthest corners and seen the most incredible things."

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-ripleys/README.md, after:

# Ripley's Believe it or Not! (Stern 2004)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-ripleys-believe-it-or-not-preview.jpg)

Author: [jpsalas](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=277)  
Version: 5.5.0  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=13043)

DirectB2S

Author: [Wildman](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5-wildman/)  
Version: 2.0.0  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/5067-ripleys-believe-it-or-not-stern-2003/)

ROM

Version 3.20  
Download [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=317)

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 50 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- "I have traveled to the world's farthest corners and seen the most incredible things."
