external/vpx-michaeljordan/README.md, before:

# Michael Jordan (Data East 1992)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-michaeljordan.png)

Author: [Rascal](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/8-rascal/)

Version: 2.0.5 

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/12632-michael-jordan-data-east-1992/)

DirectB2S
 
Author: [Wildman](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5-wildman/)

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/5926-michael-jordan-data-east-1992/)

ROM:

Download (mj_130.zip): [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/5799-michael-jordan-130/)

MD5: 2be34108527558d1cd2b44ab85cd8c72

SHA: 3897507b3422b73186b61137758b354366591a85


## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 45 |

## Instructions

- The only game where Charles Barkley fights Godzilla! 🏀

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-michaeljordan/README.md, after:

# Michael Jordan (Data East 1992)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-michaeljordan.png)

Author: [Rascal](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/8-rascal/)

Version: 2.0.5 

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/12632-michael-jordan-data-east-1992/)

DirectB2S
 
Author: [Wildman](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5-wildman/)

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/5926-michael-jordan-data-east-1992/)

ROM:

Download (mj_130.zip): [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/5799-michael-jordan-130/)

MD5: 2be34108527558d1cd2b44ab85cd8c72

SHA: 3897507b3422b73186b61137758b354366591a85


## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 45 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- The only game where Charles Barkley fights Godzilla! 🏀
