external/vpx-shark/README.md, before:

# Shark (Taito do Brasil 1982)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-shark.jpg)

Table

Authors: [JPSalas](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=277)  
Version: 5.5.0  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=13164)

DirectB2S

Authors: [Manbearpig](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/32743-manbearpig/)  
Version: 1  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/12178-shark-taito-1982-b2s-full-dmd/)

ROM

Authors: [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5)  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=572)

Tested by: Boris

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 60 |

## Instructions

- "Fast as a shark, he'll cut out of the dark!" -Accept 'Fast As A Shark'

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-shark/README.md, after:

# Shark (Taito do Brasil 1982)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-shark.jpg)

Table

Authors: [JPSalas](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=277)  
Version: 5.5.0  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=13164)

DirectB2S

Authors: [Manbearpig](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/32743-manbearpig/)  
Version: 1  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/12178-shark-taito-1982-b2s-full-dmd/)

ROM

Authors: [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5)  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=572)

Tested by: Boris

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 60 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- "Fast as a shark, he'll cut out of the dark!" -Accept 'Fast As A Shark'
