external/vpx-rollingstonesbalutito/README.md, before:

# The Rolling Stones (Stern 2011) (Balutito MOD)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-rollingstonesbalutito-preview.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [VP Forums](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/7880-the-rolling-stones-stern-balutito-mod/) | 1.0.0 | [balutito](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/36070-balutito/) |
| **B2S** | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/13120-rolling-stones-limited-edition-stern-2011-b2s-with-full-dmd/) | 1.0.0 | [ryguy417](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/31096-ryguy417/) |
| **ROM** | [VP Forums](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/3392-rolling-stones-the-limited-edition-v11/) | rsn_110h | [VPUStaff](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/50-vpustaff/) |

---

## Status 
Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 45 |

---

## Instructions


---

*MD5**: adc58e1a17c8a24586471b893c5fd512

**Tested by:** Shaver

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-rollingstonesbalutito/README.md, after:

# The Rolling Stones (Stern 2011) (Balutito MOD)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-rollingstonesbalutito-preview.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [VP Forums](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/7880-the-rolling-stones-stern-balutito-mod/) | 1.0.0 | [balutito](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/36070-balutito/) |
| **B2S** | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/13120-rolling-stones-limited-edition-stern-2011-b2s-with-full-dmd/) | 1.0.0 | [ryguy417](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/31096-ryguy417/) |
| **ROM** | [VP Forums](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/3392-rolling-stones-the-limited-edition-v11/) | rsn_110h | [VPUStaff](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/50-vpustaff/) |

---

## Status 
Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 45 |

---

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
---
