external/vpx-hellraiser/README.md, before:

# Hellraiser (Original 2022)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-hellraiser-preview.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/11755-hellraiser/) | 1.2 | [balutito](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/36070-balutito/) |
| **B2S** | N/A | N/A |
| **DMD** | N/A | N/A |
| **ROM** | N/A | N/A |
| **PUP** | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/11763-hellraiser/) | 1.0.1 | [TeamTuga](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/31843-teamtuga/) |

**Tested by:** [mrandromeda]

---

## Status 
**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** 10.8.0-5b941e6
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | 50 |

---

<br>

<table>
  <tr>
    <td style="background-color: #FFDDDD; padding: 0; border-left: 4px solid #FF0000;">
      <div style="padding: 8px 12px; background-color: #FFCCCB; font-weight: bold;font-size: 20px;">
        <strong>⚠️ WARNING ⚠️</strong>
      </div>
      <div style="padding: 12px 12px 12px 12px;">
        Manually added puppacks are not supported by the VPXS 4KP team<br>
		We will not be able to help you diagnose issues until this puppack is in the Wizard<br>
		You can however find a guide here on the wiki to help you install it yourself: <a href="https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B08%5D-%E2%9D%A4%EF%B8%8F-Pup-Pack-%E2%80%90-Manual-Install">❤️ Pup Pack ‐ Manual Install</a>
      </div>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Instructions
- Download the puppack `Hellraiser1.0.1.rar` from the link listed above.
- Create the folder `pupvideos` within the `external/vpx-hellraiser`
- Extract the folder `Hellraiser` from the puppack archive, and put it in the `pupvideos` folder.
- Unzip the `use_these_pup_files.zip` and place them inside the `pupvideos/Hellraiser` folder, and overwrite files if prompted.
- "No tears, please. It's a waste of good suffering." - Pinhead

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-hellraiser/README.md, after:

# Hellraiser (Original 2022)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-hellraiser-preview.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/11755-hellraiser/) | 1.2 | [balutito](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/36070-balutito/) |
| **B2S** | N/A | N/A |
| **DMD** | N/A | N/A |
| **ROM** | N/A | N/A |
| **PUP** | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/11763-hellraiser/) | 1.0.1 | [TeamTuga](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/31843-teamtuga/) |

**Tested by:** [mrandromeda]

---

## Status 
**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** 10.8.0-5b941e6
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | 50 |

---

<br>

<table>
  <tr>
    <td style="background-color: #FFDDDD; padding: 0; border-left: 4px solid #FF0000;">
      <div style="padding: 8px 12px; background-color: #FFCCCB; font-weight: bold;font-size: 20px;">
        <strong>⚠️ WARNING ⚠️</strong>
      </div>
      <div style="padding: 12px 12px 12px 12px;">
        Manually added puppacks are not supported by the VPXS 4KP team<br>
		We will not be able to help you diagnose issues until this puppack is in the Wizard<br>
		You can however find a guide here on the wiki to help you install it yourself: <a href="https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B08%5D-%E2%9D%A4%EF%B8%8F-Pup-Pack-%E2%80%90-Manual-Install">❤️ Pup Pack ‐ Manual Install</a>
      </div>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Download the puppack `Hellraiser1.0.1.rar` from the link listed above.
- Create the folder `pupvideos` within the `external/vpx-hellraiser`
- Extract the folder `Hellraiser` from the puppack archive, and put it in the `pupvideos` folder.
- Unzip the `use_these_pup_files.zip` and place them inside the `pupvideos/Hellraiser` folder, and overwrite files if prompted.
- "No tears, please. It's a waste of good suffering." - Pinhead
