external/vpx-junkyard/README.md, before:

Junk Yard (Williams 1996)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-junkyard.png)

Author: [TastyWasps](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/44724-tastywasps/)  

Tested by: Bla1ze

Version: 1.8.3

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/12322-junk-yard-williams-1996/)

DirectB2S

Author: [Hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  

Version: 1.0.0

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/12323-junk-yard-williams-1995-b2s-with-full-dmd/)

ROM

Download: [VP Universe](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=1280)

SHA: 62fbce4a3fb29064152a8db185f8d1c7aa2bf7a4

MD5: c2d933edd72fd8bdf52a8df9985549f6


## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 40 |

## Instructions

- Can you can escape from Crazy Bob's junk yard? Better watch out for Spike! 🐾

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-junkyard/README.md, after:

Junk Yard (Williams 1996)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-junkyard.png)

Author: [TastyWasps](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/44724-tastywasps/)  

Tested by: Bla1ze

Version: 1.8.3

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/12322-junk-yard-williams-1996/)

DirectB2S

Author: [Hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  

Version: 1.0.0

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/12323-junk-yard-williams-1995-b2s-with-full-dmd/)

ROM

Download: [VP Universe](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=1280)

SHA: 62fbce4a3fb29064152a8db185f8d1c7aa2bf7a4

MD5: c2d933edd72fd8bdf52a8df9985549f6


## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 40 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Can you can escape from Crazy Bob's junk yard? Better watch out for Spike! 🐾
