external/vpx-starwarsepisode1/README.md, before:

# Star Wars Episode 1 (Original 2023)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-swepisodeone-preview.jpg)

Authors: [ryguy417](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/31096-ryguy417/)  
Version: 1.2  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/16014-star-wars-episode-1-original-2023/)

DirectB2S (use the 2 screen version)

Authors: [ryguy417](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/31096-ryguy417/)  
Version: 1.2  
Download: INCLUDED IN TABLE DOWNLOAD  

ROM

Authors: [ryguy417](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/31096-ryguy417/)  
Version: 1.2  
Download: INCLUDED IN TABLE DOWNLOAD  

**Tested by:** [{Mr-Blue}]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 48 |

## Instructions

- Ignore all the other files of the pack especially the .ini file (make sure you use the one from the repo)
- The ability to speak does not make you intelligent.

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-starwarsepisode1/README.md, after:

# Star Wars Episode 1 (Original 2023)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-swepisodeone-preview.jpg)

Authors: [ryguy417](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/31096-ryguy417/)  
Version: 1.2  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/16014-star-wars-episode-1-original-2023/)

DirectB2S (use the 2 screen version)

Authors: [ryguy417](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/31096-ryguy417/)  
Version: 1.2  
Download: INCLUDED IN TABLE DOWNLOAD  

ROM

Authors: [ryguy417](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/31096-ryguy417/)  
Version: 1.2  
Download: INCLUDED IN TABLE DOWNLOAD  

**Tested by:** [{Mr-Blue}]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 48 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Ignore all the other files of the pack especially the .ini file (make sure you use the one from the repo)
- The ability to speak does not make you intelligent.
