external/vpx-darkprincess/README.md, before:

# DarkPrincess (original 2020)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-darkprincess-preview.jpg)

Author: [emperor312 ](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/35296-emperor312/)  
Version: 1.3  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/8119-darkprincess-original-2020-v13-update-sound-files/)

DirectB2S and DarkPrincess.UltraDMD

In same folder as table in link above

Music

Download: [Mega](https://mega.nz/file/xmhH3TiI#kRQGDfJDISHJKz2B2GevtOKzp_DmjdN42XeVoLezEVg)

Tested by: Silentkat and Coffee@Joe's

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | 57 |

## Instructions

- Download the table, directb2s and DarkPrincess.UltraDMD listed above, extract and copy them into this folder
- Download music from the link above and extract. Rename (DarkPrincess-Music) folder to music and place it in your vpx-darkprincess folder

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-darkprincess/README.md, after:

# DarkPrincess (original 2020)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-darkprincess-preview.jpg)

Author: [emperor312 ](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/35296-emperor312/)  
Version: 1.3  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/8119-darkprincess-original-2020-v13-update-sound-files/)

DirectB2S and DarkPrincess.UltraDMD

In same folder as table in link above

Music

Download: [Mega](https://mega.nz/file/xmhH3TiI#kRQGDfJDISHJKz2B2GevtOKzp_DmjdN42XeVoLezEVg)

Tested by: Silentkat and Coffee@Joe's

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | 57 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Download the table, directb2s and DarkPrincess.UltraDMD listed above, extract and copy them into this folder
- Download music from the link above and extract. Rename (DarkPrincess-Music) folder to music and place it in your vpx-darkprincess folder
