external/vpx-robocop/README.md, before:

# RoboCop (Data East 1989)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-robocop.png)

Author: [drakkon](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/51568-drakkon/)  
Version:  Robocop (Data East 1989)_drakkon(mod_1.2)  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/11752-robocop-data-east-1989-drakkon-mod-12/)

DirectB2S

Author: [Walterwhite](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/17464-walterwhite/)  
Version: Robocop (1989)b2s with full dmd  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/11285-robocop-1989b2s-with-full-dmd/)

ROM: Robocop (3.4)

Author: [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5)  
Version: robo_a34.zip  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=314)

Note: The ROM for this table is very quiet and volume is not easily adjusted. 
For this, I greatly suggest downloading this altsound (https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/21625-robocop-data-east-1989-alt-sound/).
Extract the "robocop" folder from the rar file, and place it in into vpx-robocop/pinmame/altsound.


Tested by:
[CoffeeAtJoes]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 38 |

## Notes

- DMD in backglass

## Instructions

- "Thank you for your cooperation. Good night."

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-robocop/README.md, after:

# RoboCop (Data East 1989)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-robocop.png)

Author: [drakkon](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/51568-drakkon/)  
Version:  Robocop (Data East 1989)_drakkon(mod_1.2)  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/11752-robocop-data-east-1989-drakkon-mod-12/)

DirectB2S

Author: [Walterwhite](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/17464-walterwhite/)  
Version: Robocop (1989)b2s with full dmd  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/11285-robocop-1989b2s-with-full-dmd/)

ROM: Robocop (3.4)

Author: [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5)  
Version: robo_a34.zip  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=314)

Note: The ROM for this table is very quiet and volume is not easily adjusted. 
For this, I greatly suggest downloading this altsound (https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/21625-robocop-data-east-1989-alt-sound/).
Extract the "robocop" folder from the rar file, and place it in into vpx-robocop/pinmame/altsound.


Tested by:
[CoffeeAtJoes]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 38 |

## Notes

- DMD in backglass

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- "Thank you for your cooperation. Good night."
