external/vpx-beastmaster/README.md, before:

# The BeastMaster V2 SoundFX (Original 2021)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-beastmaster.jpg)

Author(s): [balutito](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/36070-balutito/)  
Table: Version 1.0.2  
Download: 521718423_BeastmastersoundFX.rar  
VPX Version: Beastmaster_v1.1.vpx  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/7792-the-beastmaster-v2-soundfx/)

DirectB2S is included with Table Zip  
Directb2s: Beastmaster_v1.1.directb2s  
Author(s): [balutito](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/36070-balutito/) 

ROM is included with Table Zip  
Black Pyramid - ROM  
ROM: blakpyra.zip  
Included in 521718423_BeastmastersoundFX.rar ---> ROM

NVRAM is included with Table Zip  
NVRAM: blakpyra.nv  
Included in 521718423_BeastmastersoundFX.rar ---> ROM

Author(s): [balutito](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/36070-balutito/)

MD5: DB8FCAD018206DCB4D5066FFADE50B86
SHA-1: 956EC11B9721003363782B90ECBA1F2EB99C9A91

Tested by:
[TechZombie]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 60 |

## Instructions

- Open (BM_music), Place (Beastmaster.mp3) into ---> vpx-beastmaster/music
- "Life is a circle. I am sure we will meet again, my friend!"  ---Dar

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-beastmaster/README.md, after:

# The BeastMaster V2 SoundFX (Original 2021)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-beastmaster.jpg)

Author(s): [balutito](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/36070-balutito/)  
Table: Version 1.0.2  
Download: 521718423_BeastmastersoundFX.rar  
VPX Version: Beastmaster_v1.1.vpx  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/7792-the-beastmaster-v2-soundfx/)

DirectB2S is included with Table Zip  
Directb2s: Beastmaster_v1.1.directb2s  
Author(s): [balutito](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/36070-balutito/) 

ROM is included with Table Zip  
Black Pyramid - ROM  
ROM: blakpyra.zip  
Included in 521718423_BeastmastersoundFX.rar ---> ROM

NVRAM is included with Table Zip  
NVRAM: blakpyra.nv  
Included in 521718423_BeastmastersoundFX.rar ---> ROM

Author(s): [balutito](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/36070-balutito/)

MD5: DB8FCAD018206DCB4D5066FFADE50B86
SHA-1: 956EC11B9721003363782B90ECBA1F2EB99C9A91

Tested by:
[TechZombie]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 60 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Open (BM_music), Place (Beastmaster.mp3) into ---> vpx-beastmaster/music
- "Life is a circle. I am sure we will meet again, my friend!"  ---Dar
