external/vpx-secretservice/README.md, before:

# Secret Service (Data East 1988)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-secret-service-preview.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author(s) | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [VPForums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=18615) | 1.0 | [DCrosby](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/26275-dcrosby/) / [bigus1](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=107629) |
| **B2S** | [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/2539-secret-service-data-east-1988/) | 1.0 | [wildman](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5-wildman/) |
| **ROM** | [vpforums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=815) | ssvc_a26 | [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5) |

**Tested by:** [Dioskilos]

---
## Status 

**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** 10.8.0-2042-1431983

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 45 |

## Instructions

- "Baby you're the best!"

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-secretservice/README.md, after:

# Secret Service (Data East 1988)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-secret-service-preview.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author(s) | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [VPForums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=18615) | 1.0 | [DCrosby](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/26275-dcrosby/) / [bigus1](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=107629) |
| **B2S** | [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/2539-secret-service-data-east-1988/) | 1.0 | [wildman](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5-wildman/) |
| **ROM** | [vpforums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=815) | ssvc_a26 | [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5) |

**Tested by:** [Dioskilos]

---
## Status 

**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** 10.8.0-2042-1431983

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 45 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- "Baby you're the best!"
