external/vpx-wowmonopoly/README.md, before:

# WOW Monopoly, JPs (Original 2015)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-wowmonopoly.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author |
|:---------:|:----:|:-------:|:------:|
| VPX | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=11612) | 4.0.0 | [jpsalas](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=277) |
| B2S | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=10808) | 1.0 | [hauntfreaks](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=73849) |
| DMD | N/A | N/A | N/A |
| ROM | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=7320) | monopoly.zip | [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5) |

**Tested by:** [TechZombie]

---

## Status 
Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 60 |

---

## Instructions
- Varok Saurfang - "You cannot kill hope."

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-wowmonopoly/README.md, after:

# WOW Monopoly, JPs (Original 2015)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-wowmonopoly.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author |
|:---------:|:----:|:-------:|:------:|
| VPX | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=11612) | 4.0.0 | [jpsalas](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=277) |
| B2S | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=10808) | 1.0 | [hauntfreaks](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=73849) |
| DMD | N/A | N/A | N/A |
| ROM | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=7320) | monopoly.zip | [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5) |

**Tested by:** [TechZombie]

---

## Status 
Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 60 |

---

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Varok Saurfang - "You cannot kill hope."
