external/vpx-idreamofjeannie/README.md, before:

# I Dream of Jeannie (Original 2019)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-idreamofjeanie-preview.png)

Author: [cryptdoctor21](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/12711-cryptdoctor21/)  
Version: 1.0.0  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/5521-i-dream-of-jeannie-pinball-vpx/)

DirectB2S

Author: [RyDarquayle](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=51255)  
Version: 1.0 
Download: [VP Universe] (DirectB2S file included in table zip)

ROM: genie.zip (Custom Created ROM) (Compatible with VpinMame beta 3.6 and newer.)
I Dream of Jeannie - ROM

Author(s): [TechZombie]
Download:  [Internet Archive](https://archive.org/details/genie_202407)
Click "SHOW ALL" / Click "genie.zip"

SHA: 86c91838e6f9564ee4b1421e7d24f8f3f908f5bf
MD5: 02c3bb866e8c97642f61ea4e5c03ceb7

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 57 |

## Instructions

- I wish I could play games from a USB --- "Yes Master!"

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-idreamofjeannie/README.md, after:

# I Dream of Jeannie (Original 2019)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-idreamofjeanie-preview.png)

Author: [cryptdoctor21](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/12711-cryptdoctor21/)  
Version: 1.0.0  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/5521-i-dream-of-jeannie-pinball-vpx/)

DirectB2S

Author: [RyDarquayle](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=51255)  
Version: 1.0 
Download: [VP Universe] (DirectB2S file included in table zip)

ROM: genie.zip (Custom Created ROM) (Compatible with VpinMame beta 3.6 and newer.)
I Dream of Jeannie - ROM

Author(s): [TechZombie]
Download:  [Internet Archive](https://archive.org/details/genie_202407)
Click "SHOW ALL" / Click "genie.zip"

SHA: 86c91838e6f9564ee4b1421e7d24f8f3f908f5bf
MD5: 02c3bb866e8c97642f61ea4e5c03ceb7

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 57 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- I wish I could play games from a USB --- "Yes Master!"
