external/vpx-agraffiti/README.md, before:

# American Graffiti (Original 2024)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-agraffiti.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author |
|:---------:|:----:|:-------:|:------:|
| VPX | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/21684-american-graffiti-original-2024/) | 1.3 | [Onevox](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/14340-onevox/) |
| B2S | Included with VPX | N/A | N/A |
| DMD | N/A | N/A | N/A |
| ROM | N/A | N/A | N/A |

**Tested by:** [evilwraith]

---

## Status 
**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | 40 |

---

## Instructions
- Unzip Audio Files.zip. Copy AG and AGSounds to vpx-agraffiti/Music
- If you downloaded the soundtrack (AG.ZIP) from Mega: Unzip AG.zip. Copy and Replace AG folder in vpx-agraffiti/Music 
- Follow directions on VPUniverse if you want music. Otherwise, leave music turned off
- "squaresville, daddy-o"

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-agraffiti/README.md, after:

# American Graffiti (Original 2024)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-agraffiti.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author |
|:---------:|:----:|:-------:|:------:|
| VPX | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/21684-american-graffiti-original-2024/) | 1.3 | [Onevox](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/14340-onevox/) |
| B2S | Included with VPX | N/A | N/A |
| DMD | N/A | N/A | N/A |
| ROM | N/A | N/A | N/A |

**Tested by:** [evilwraith]

---

## Status 
**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | 40 |

---

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Unzip Audio Files.zip. Copy AG and AGSounds to vpx-agraffiti/Music
- If you downloaded the soundtrack (AG.ZIP) from Mega: Unzip AG.zip. Copy and Replace AG folder in vpx-agraffiti/Music
- Follow directions on VPUniverse if you want music. Otherwise, leave music turned off
- "squaresville, daddy-o"
