external/vpx-atlantis/README.md, before:

# Atlantis (Bally 1989)
Tested by: kaoticBPR

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-atlantis.png)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author |
|:---------:|:----:|:-------:|:------:|
| VPX | [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/10348-atlantis-bally-1989-w-vr-room/) | 2.0.0 | [UnclePaulie](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/16685-unclepaulie/) |
| B2S | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/3125-atlantis-bally-1989/) | 3.0 | [Wildman](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5-wildman/) |
| DMD | N/A | N/A | N/A |
| ROM | [vpuniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/1574-atlantis-bally-1989-atlantis/) | atlantis.zip | N/A |

**Tested by:** [kaoticBPR]

---

## Status 
Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 48 |

---

## Instructions
- "Discover the Wrath of Atlantis!"

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-atlantis/README.md, after:

# Atlantis (Bally 1989)
Tested by: kaoticBPR

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-atlantis.png)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author |
|:---------:|:----:|:-------:|:------:|
| VPX | [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/10348-atlantis-bally-1989-w-vr-room/) | 2.0.0 | [UnclePaulie](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/16685-unclepaulie/) |
| B2S | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/3125-atlantis-bally-1989/) | 3.0 | [Wildman](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5-wildman/) |
| DMD | N/A | N/A | N/A |
| ROM | [vpuniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/1574-atlantis-bally-1989-atlantis/) | atlantis.zip | N/A |

**Tested by:** [kaoticBPR]

---

## Status 
Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 48 |

---

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- "Discover the Wrath of Atlantis!"
