external/vpx-harlemglobetrotters/README.md, before:

# JP's Harlem Globetrotters On Tour (Bally 1978)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-jps-harlemglobetrotters.jpg)

**VPX Table** <br>
Authors: [jpsalas](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=277)  
Version: 5.5.0  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=12003)

**DirectB2S**<br>
Authors: [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  
Version: 1.0  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/13443-harlem-globetrotters-on-tour-bally-1978-b2s/)

**ROM**<br>
This table uses two roms:<br>
Download hglbtrtb.zip: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=695)<br>
SHA1: 527A688E11398CCD49ED0A1B9A404EC013A308D6<br>
MD5: A56BAC62DC6DDB828EBF65EE43CF885F

Download hglbtrtr.zip: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=696)<br>
SHA1: 446365CD2800D2312861132AF6E028FCF1623C3A<br>
MD5: A0B8F1530FF690649322D63E631610BA<br>

Tested by: bhhob

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 60 |

## Instructions

- "Who's that mister? Ain't your sister. It's Sweet Georgia Brown!" 🏀

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-harlemglobetrotters/README.md, after:

# JP's Harlem Globetrotters On Tour (Bally 1978)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-jps-harlemglobetrotters.jpg)

**VPX Table** <br>
Authors: [jpsalas](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=277)  
Version: 5.5.0  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=12003)

**DirectB2S**<br>
Authors: [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  
Version: 1.0  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/13443-harlem-globetrotters-on-tour-bally-1978-b2s/)

**ROM**<br>
This table uses two roms:<br>
Download hglbtrtb.zip: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=695)<br>
SHA1: 527A688E11398CCD49ED0A1B9A404EC013A308D6<br>
MD5: A56BAC62DC6DDB828EBF65EE43CF885F

Download hglbtrtr.zip: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=696)<br>
SHA1: 446365CD2800D2312861132AF6E028FCF1623C3A<br>
MD5: A0B8F1530FF690649322D63E631610BA<br>

Tested by: bhhob

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 60 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- "Who's that mister? Ain't your sister. It's Sweet Georgia Brown!" 🏀
