external/vpx-jpmadrace/README.md, before:

# Mad Race (Playmatic 1985)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-jps-madrace-preview.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=14036) | 5.5.0 | [jpsalas](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=277) |
| **B2S** | [VP Forums](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/20533-mad-race-playmatic-1985-jpsalas-v4-vr-mr-ext2k/) | 1.0.0 | [Ext2k](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/55948-ext2k/) |
| **ROM** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=549) | madrace | [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5) |

---

## Status 
Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 60 |

---

## Instructions

- **NOTE:** The zip package for the .directb2s also includes a VR .vpx file. Ignore this .vpx file. Just use the .directb2s file from this package.

---

**MD5:** a0cc2321aeebf76ef85e414f5ac20faf

**Tested by:** Shaver

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-jpmadrace/README.md, after:

# Mad Race (Playmatic 1985)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-jps-madrace-preview.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=14036) | 5.5.0 | [jpsalas](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=277) |
| **B2S** | [VP Forums](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/20533-mad-race-playmatic-1985-jpsalas-v4-vr-mr-ext2k/) | 1.0.0 | [Ext2k](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/55948-ext2k/) |
| **ROM** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=549) | madrace | [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5) |

---

## Status 
Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 60 |

---

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- **NOTE:** The zip package for the .directb2s also includes a VR .vpx file. Ignore this .vpx file. Just use the .directb2s file from this package.
---
