external/vpx-fleetwood/README.md, before:

# Fleetwood Mac (Original 2024)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-fleetwood-preview.jpg)

Author: [ZandysArcade](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/57949-zandysarcade/)  
Version: 1.0.0  
Fleetwood.vpx  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/23024-fleetwood-mac/?tab=reviews&sort=newest#review-28384) 

DirectB2S
Author: [ZandysArcade](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/57949-zandysarcade/)   
Backglass Included with Table above  
Fleetwood.directb2s

ROM
Included with Table in "Media pack.zip": dollyptb.zip

MUSIC
Included with Table in "Media pack.zip": Fleetwood.zip
  
Tested by:  
[psybocilin]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 52 |

## Instructions

- Download the table and Media pack zips above, extract (if necessary) and copy into /external/vpx-fleetwood
- Unzip FLEETWOOD.zip from the Media pack and place folder FLEETWOOD in vpx-fleetwood/music
- Press Start button twice to begin play.  DPad Right changes tracks. 
- "I can still hear you sayin' you would never break the chain"

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-fleetwood/README.md, after:

# Fleetwood Mac (Original 2024)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-fleetwood-preview.jpg)

Author: [ZandysArcade](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/57949-zandysarcade/)  
Version: 1.0.0  
Fleetwood.vpx  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/23024-fleetwood-mac/?tab=reviews&sort=newest#review-28384) 

DirectB2S
Author: [ZandysArcade](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/57949-zandysarcade/)   
Backglass Included with Table above  
Fleetwood.directb2s

ROM
Included with Table in "Media pack.zip": dollyptb.zip

MUSIC
Included with Table in "Media pack.zip": Fleetwood.zip
  
Tested by:  
[psybocilin]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 52 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Download the table and Media pack zips above, extract (if necessary) and copy into /external/vpx-fleetwood
- Unzip FLEETWOOD.zip from the Media pack and place folder FLEETWOOD in vpx-fleetwood/music
- Press Start button twice to begin play.  DPad Right changes tracks.
- "I can still hear you sayin' you would never break the chain"
