external/vpx-amazingspidermansse/README.md, before:

# Amazing Spiderman (Gottlieb 1980) Sinister Six Edition

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-amazingspidermansse.png)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author |
|:---------:|:----:|:-------:|:------:|
| VPX | [Pinball Nirvana](https://pinballnirvana.com/forums/resources/amazing-spiderman-gottlieb-1980-sinister-six-edition.8400/) | v1.1 | [xenonph](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=14100) |
| B2S | Included with VPX | v1.0 | N/A |
| DMD | N/A | N/A | N/A |
| ROM | [Pinball Nirvana](https://pinballnirvana.com/forums/resources/spidermn.2352/) | spidermn.zip | [Rock-ola](https://pinballnirvana.com/forums/members/rock-ola.1/) |

**Tested by:** [TechZombie]

---

## Status 
**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** 10.8.0-1983-b84441e
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 48 |

---

## Instructions
- "My Vpin Sense is tingling!" --- Spider-Man

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-amazingspidermansse/README.md, after:

# Amazing Spiderman (Gottlieb 1980) Sinister Six Edition

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-amazingspidermansse.png)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author |
|:---------:|:----:|:-------:|:------:|
| VPX | [Pinball Nirvana](https://pinballnirvana.com/forums/resources/amazing-spiderman-gottlieb-1980-sinister-six-edition.8400/) | v1.1 | [xenonph](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=14100) |
| B2S | Included with VPX | v1.0 | N/A |
| DMD | N/A | N/A | N/A |
| ROM | [Pinball Nirvana](https://pinballnirvana.com/forums/resources/spidermn.2352/) | spidermn.zip | [Rock-ola](https://pinballnirvana.com/forums/members/rock-ola.1/) |

**Tested by:** [TechZombie]

---

## Status 
**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** 10.8.0-1983-b84441e
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 48 |

---

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- "My Vpin Sense is tingling!" --- Spider-Man
