external/vpx-badcats/README.md, before:

# Bad Cats (Williams 1989)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-badcats-preview.png)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author |
|:---------:|:----:|:-------:|:------:|
| VPX | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=12401) | 1.2.1a | [Unclewilly](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?s=582515d2c70108c6e0b0ff449083190c&showuser=12) |
| B2S | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/17478-bad-cats-williams-1989-b2s-authentic/) | 2.0 | [Hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/) |
| DMD | N/A | N/A | N/A |
| ROM | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=931) | bcats_l5.zip | N/A |

**Tested by:** [Officially-Unofficial]

---

## Status 
**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** 10.8.0-1983-b84441e
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |:white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 50 |

---

## Instructions
- NOTE: Backboard image (TOY image) renders upsidedown.  This is a table issue and not a VPX issue
- Meow, Meow, Meow

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-badcats/README.md, after:

# Bad Cats (Williams 1989)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-badcats-preview.png)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author |
|:---------:|:----:|:-------:|:------:|
| VPX | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=12401) | 1.2.1a | [Unclewilly](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?s=582515d2c70108c6e0b0ff449083190c&showuser=12) |
| B2S | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/17478-bad-cats-williams-1989-b2s-authentic/) | 2.0 | [Hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/) |
| DMD | N/A | N/A | N/A |
| ROM | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=931) | bcats_l5.zip | N/A |

**Tested by:** [Officially-Unofficial]

---

## Status 
**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** 10.8.0-1983-b84441e
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |:white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 50 |

---

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- NOTE: Backboard image (TOY image) renders upsidedown.  This is a table issue and not a VPX issue
- Meow, Meow, Meow
