external/vpx-mustang/README.md, before:

# Mustang (Stern 2014)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-mustang.png)

Author: [TastyWasps](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/44724-tastywasps/)  
Version:  Mustang (Stern 2014) v1.27  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/16314-mustang-stern-2014/)

DirectB2S

Author: [Wildman](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5-wildman/)  
Version: Mustang premium (Stern 2014) Version 1.0.0  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/4969-mustang-premium-stern-2014/)

ROM

Author: [CarnyPriest](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/1146-carnypriest/)  
Version: Mustang Limited Edition (V1.45) - mt_145h.zip  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/4129-mustang-limited-edition-v145/)

Tested by:
[TechZombie]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 33 |

## Instructions

- "There's a feeling you get from a Mustang that you just don't get from any other car!" ---Mustang Owner

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-mustang/README.md, after:

# Mustang (Stern 2014)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-mustang.png)

Author: [TastyWasps](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/44724-tastywasps/)  
Version:  Mustang (Stern 2014) v1.27  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/16314-mustang-stern-2014/)

DirectB2S

Author: [Wildman](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5-wildman/)  
Version: Mustang premium (Stern 2014) Version 1.0.0  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/4969-mustang-premium-stern-2014/)

ROM

Author: [CarnyPriest](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/1146-carnypriest/)  
Version: Mustang Limited Edition (V1.45) - mt_145h.zip  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/4129-mustang-limited-edition-v145/)

Tested by:
[TechZombie]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 33 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- "There's a feeling you get from a Mustang that you just don't get from any other car!" ---Mustang Owner
