external/vpx-strangerthings/README.md, before:

# Stranger Things – Stranger Edition (Original 2018)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-strangerthings-preview.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [orbitalpin](https://orbitalpin.com/downloads/) | 0.52 | [ScottyWic](https://orbitalpin.com/) |
| **B2S** | N/A | N/A | N/A |
| **DMD** | N/A | N/A | N/A |
| **ROM** | N/A | N/A | N/A |

**Tested by:** [mrandromeda]

---

## Status 
**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** 10.8.0-5b941e6
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | 45 |

---

<br>
<table>
  <tr>
    <td style="background-color: #FFDDDD; padding: 0; border-left: 4px solid #FF0000;">
      <div style="padding: 8px 12px; background-color: #FFCCCB; font-weight: bold;font-size: 20px;">
        <strong>⚠️ WARNING ⚠️</strong>
      </div>
      <div style="padding: 12px 12px 12px 12px;">
        Manually added puppacks are not supported by the VPXS 4KP team<br>We will not be able to help you diagnose issues until this puppack is in the Wizard
      </div>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br>

---

## Instructions
- Go to the website listed above and scroll down for Stranger Things – Stranger Edition. **Remember (copy) the password in the sixth column** and click on the VPX and Mega link in the previous column and download both archives.
- Create the folder `pupvideos`.
- Extract the archive `STLEpup.rar` and place the `STLE147\STLE` subfolder in `pupvideos` so you have `pupvideos\STLE`.
- "You're all so nerdy, it makes me physically ill." — Erica Sinclair.

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-strangerthings/README.md, after:

# Stranger Things – Stranger Edition (Original 2018)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-strangerthings-preview.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [orbitalpin](https://orbitalpin.com/downloads/) | 0.52 | [ScottyWic](https://orbitalpin.com/) |
| **B2S** | N/A | N/A | N/A |
| **DMD** | N/A | N/A | N/A |
| **ROM** | N/A | N/A | N/A |

**Tested by:** [mrandromeda]

---

## Status 
**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** 10.8.0-5b941e6
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | 45 |

---

<br>
<table>
  <tr>
    <td style="background-color: #FFDDDD; padding: 0; border-left: 4px solid #FF0000;">
      <div style="padding: 8px 12px; background-color: #FFCCCB; font-weight: bold;font-size: 20px;">
        <strong>⚠️ WARNING ⚠️</strong>
      </div>
      <div style="padding: 12px 12px 12px 12px;">
        Manually added puppacks are not supported by the VPXS 4KP team<br>We will not be able to help you diagnose issues until this puppack is in the Wizard
      </div>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>
<br>

---

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Go to the website listed above and scroll down for Stranger Things – Stranger Edition. **Remember (copy) the password in the sixth column** and click on the VPX and Mega link in the previous column and download both archives.
- Create the folder `pupvideos`.
- Extract the archive `STLEpup.rar` and place the `STLE147\STLE` subfolder in `pupvideos` so you have `pupvideos\STLE`.
- "You're all so nerdy, it makes me physically ill." — Erica Sinclair.
