external/vpx-nightofthelivingdeadgrunge/README.md, before:

# Night of the Living Dead '68 (Original 2018) Grunge Mod

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-nightofthelivingdeadgrunge.png)

Authors: [HiRez00](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/19941-hirez00/)  
Download File: NOTLD-68_v1.2_Grunge_Mod.zip (1.2)  
Filename: NOTLD-68 (Original 2018) Grunge Mod v1.2.vpx  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/5156-night-of-the-living-dead-68-original-2018-mod/)

DirectB2S

Authors: [HiRez00](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/19941-hirez00/)  
Download File: NOTLD-68 Backglass.zip  
Filename: NOTLD-68 (Original 2018) Grunge Mod v1.2.directB2S  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/5156-night-of-the-living-dead-68-original-2018-mod/)

Music Located in Table Zip  
Filename: NOTLD-68-Music.zip


No Rom Needed for this Table

Tested by: TechZombie

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :x: | 45 |

## Instructions

- Unzip (NOTLD-68-Music.zip) Copy (Music) folder (Located inside NOTLD-68-Music) to vpx-nightofthelivingdeadgrunge
- "They're coming to get you, Barbara!" - Johnny

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-nightofthelivingdeadgrunge/README.md, after:

# Night of the Living Dead '68 (Original 2018) Grunge Mod

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-nightofthelivingdeadgrunge.png)

Authors: [HiRez00](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/19941-hirez00/)  
Download File: NOTLD-68_v1.2_Grunge_Mod.zip (1.2)  
Filename: NOTLD-68 (Original 2018) Grunge Mod v1.2.vpx  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/5156-night-of-the-living-dead-68-original-2018-mod/)

DirectB2S

Authors: [HiRez00](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/19941-hirez00/)  
Download File: NOTLD-68 Backglass.zip  
Filename: NOTLD-68 (Original 2018) Grunge Mod v1.2.directB2S  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/5156-night-of-the-living-dead-68-original-2018-mod/)

Music Located in Table Zip  
Filename: NOTLD-68-Music.zip


No Rom Needed for this Table

Tested by: TechZombie

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :x: | 45 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Unzip (NOTLD-68-Music.zip) Copy (Music) folder (Located inside NOTLD-68-Music) to vpx-nightofthelivingdeadgrunge
- "They're coming to get you, Barbara!" - Johnny
