external/vpx-fallout/README.md, before:

# Fallout Vault Edition (Original 2024)


![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-fallout-preview.jpg)

Authors: [LTek](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/67685-ltek/)  
Version: 2.0  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/21709-fallout-vault-edition-20-ltek-2024/)

DirectB2S

Authors: [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  
Version: 1.0  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/21710-fallout-vault-edition-ltek-2024-b2s-full-dmd/)

PUPPack

Authors: [GtecArcade](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/57286-gtecarcade/)  
Version: 2.0  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/20245-fallout-pup-pack-vault-edition/)

ROM

Included in table download

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-2042-1431983

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 45 |

## Instructions

- Extract "Fallout.FlexDMD" folder from the zip to the vpx-fallout folder.
- Download "Fallout MUSIC ONLY Pup for NON-PUP Users.rar" puppack listed above.
- In your vpx-fallout folder, create a new folder named pupvideos.
- Extract "fallout" folder from the puppack zip into the pupvideos folder you created.
- __Make sure you copied the pinmame/nvram/swrds_l2.nv from the repo otherwise the table does not start.__
- With the left direction you can display the nuka rules and with the right direction you can change the music track.
- Drink a nuka cola.

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-fallout/README.md, after:

# Fallout Vault Edition (Original 2024)


![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-fallout-preview.jpg)

Authors: [LTek](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/67685-ltek/)  
Version: 2.0  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/21709-fallout-vault-edition-20-ltek-2024/)

DirectB2S

Authors: [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  
Version: 1.0  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/21710-fallout-vault-edition-ltek-2024-b2s-full-dmd/)

PUPPack

Authors: [GtecArcade](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/57286-gtecarcade/)  
Version: 2.0  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/20245-fallout-pup-pack-vault-edition/)

ROM

Included in table download

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-2042-1431983

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 45 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Extract "Fallout.FlexDMD" folder from the zip to the vpx-fallout folder.
- Download "Fallout MUSIC ONLY Pup for NON-PUP Users.rar" puppack listed above.
- In your vpx-fallout folder, create a new folder named pupvideos.
- Extract "fallout" folder from the puppack zip into the pupvideos folder you created.
- __Make sure you copied the pinmame/nvram/swrds_l2.nv from the repo otherwise the table does not start.__
- With the left direction you can display the nuka rules and with the right direction you can change the music track.
- Drink a nuka cola.
