external/vpx-jpwjt/README.md, before:

# World Joker Tour, JP's (Original 2024)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-jpwjt.jpg)

## Information 
| File Type | Link | Version | Author(s) | 
|:---------:|:----:|:-------:|:---------:|
| VPX | [VPForums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?s=38b2503d776aaf995a4f1ecedd56c712&app=downloads&showfile=18660) | 1.0 | [JPSalas](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=277) |
| DirectB2S | Included w/ Table | N/A | N/A |
| ROM | [Stern](https://sternpinball.com/?post_type=game_code&s=world+poker+tour) | wpt_140a.zip | Stern |

SHA1: AF757E9D4653001C45984A6E8B14E2D2FD028482  
MD5:  1F99B4DD59AAC328C540CCA6D63CE297

Tested by: evilwraith

## Status 
Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|:---------:|:--------:|:---------:|:---:|:------------:|:---:|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 48 |

## Instructions

- Download `World Poker Tour 14.0 Game Code (<Language of Choice>)`, and rename to `wpt_140a.zip`

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-jpwjt/README.md, after:

# World Joker Tour, JP's (Original 2024)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-jpwjt.jpg)

## Information 
| File Type | Link | Version | Author(s) | 
|:---------:|:----:|:-------:|:---------:|
| VPX | [VPForums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?s=38b2503d776aaf995a4f1ecedd56c712&app=downloads&showfile=18660) | 1.0 | [JPSalas](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=277) |
| DirectB2S | Included w/ Table | N/A | N/A |
| ROM | [Stern](https://sternpinball.com/?post_type=game_code&s=world+poker+tour) | wpt_140a.zip | Stern |

SHA1: AF757E9D4653001C45984A6E8B14E2D2FD028482  
MD5:  1F99B4DD59AAC328C540CCA6D63CE297

Tested by: evilwraith

## Status 
Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|:---------:|:--------:|:---------:|:---:|:------------:|:---:|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 48 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Download `World Poker Tour 14.0 Game Code (<Language of Choice>)`, and rename to `wpt_140a.zip`
