external/vpx-supermario/README.md, before:

# Super Mario Bros. (Gottlieb 1992)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-supermario.png)

Author: [Gedankekojote97](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/42203-gedankekojote97/)  
Version: 1.1  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/10223-super-mario-brothers-mod-nfozzy-fleep-sounds-lut/)

DirectB2S

Author: [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  
Version: 1.0  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/18004-super-mario-bros-gottlieb-1992-b2s-with-full-dmd/)

ROM

Download: [Pinball Nirvana](https://pinballnirvana.com/forums/resources/smb3.2317/)

SHA: 0430b932b0f388d12ddcff736406f1b445b0c820
MD5: 5bbbf451cdf5353b7b5d69ba17da8825

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 38 |

## Instructions

- Unzip "NEW ROMS for VPinMAME v3.5 FINAL.zip"; open the folder; use "smb3.zip" as the rom

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-supermario/README.md, after:

# Super Mario Bros. (Gottlieb 1992)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-supermario.png)

Author: [Gedankekojote97](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/42203-gedankekojote97/)  
Version: 1.1  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/10223-super-mario-brothers-mod-nfozzy-fleep-sounds-lut/)

DirectB2S

Author: [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  
Version: 1.0  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/18004-super-mario-bros-gottlieb-1992-b2s-with-full-dmd/)

ROM

Download: [Pinball Nirvana](https://pinballnirvana.com/forums/resources/smb3.2317/)

SHA: 0430b932b0f388d12ddcff736406f1b445b0c820
MD5: 5bbbf451cdf5353b7b5d69ba17da8825

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 38 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Unzip "NEW ROMS for VPinMAME v3.5 FINAL.zip"; open the folder; use "smb3.zip" as the rom
