external/vpx-big_trouble/README.md, before:

﻿# Big Trouble in Little China (Original 2022)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-big_trouble.jpg)

<br>

## *️⃣  Table Statistics

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | 60 |

<br>

**VPXS 4KP Testers:**
  - T3chZombie
  - OminousOsie 🌸

<br>

---

<br>

## ❇️ Available in the Wizard! 🪄✨

<br>

This table is available through the Table Manager Wizard, which makes installation quick and easy!

### How to install:

1.  Open the **Table Manager**
2.  Click the **Add Table** button
3.  Select the **Wizard** tab
4.  Find and select this table from the dropdown menu: **`Big Trouble in Little China`**
5.  Follow the on-screen instructions to download and upload the required files
6. *"Remember, \"It's All In The Reflexes!\" ---Jack Burton"*

<br>

Using the Wizard ensures you get the latest table version, have all required files (ROM, backglass, etc.), and have all the VPXS 4KP team's table tweaks and improvements!

<br>

__*We hope you enjoy!!*__

*The VPXS 4KP Wizard team:*
<pre>
- n-i-x            - Mox              - Lloydbraun
- Boris Undead     - 'Coffee' Joe     - Ominous Osie 🌸
- Bla1ze           - evilwraith       - Silentkat        
- mrandromeda      - SScorpio         - TechZombie
</pre>

<br>

---

<br>

## ➕ Optional Extras

> All optional extras can be added to the table after the Wizard installation via: 
> -  Clicking `"Go to table"` directly after wizard installation
> -  Navigate to the table folder using the `USB Root` tab.

<br>
<br>

<table>
  <tr>
    <td style="background-color: #FFDDDD; padding: 0; border-left: 4px solid #FF0000;">
      <div style="padding: 8px 12px; background-color: #FFCCCB; font-weight: bold;font-size: 20px;">
        <strong>⚠️ WARNING ⚠️</strong>
      </div>
      <div style="padding: 12px 12px 12px 12px;">
        Manually added puppacks are not supported by the VPXS 4KP team<br>
		We will not be able to help you diagnose issues until this puppack is in the Wizard<br>
		You can however find a guide here on the wiki to help you install it yourself: <a href="https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B08%5D-%E2%9D%A4%EF%B8%8F-Pup-Pack-%E2%80%90-Manual-Install">❤️ Pup Pack ‐ Manual Install</a>
      </div>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>


### 🎦 Puppack (Backglass Videos/Music):

1.  Download the puppack `bigtroublepuppack.rar` from [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/11312-big-trouble-in-little-china/?do=download) (by [TeamTuga](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/31843-teamtuga/))
2.  Create the folder `pupvideos` within the `external/vpx-big_trouble` folder in the Table Manager
3.  Extract the folder `BigTrouble` from the puppack zip, and put it in the `pupvideos`
4.  You should now have `external/vpx-big_trouble/pupvideos/BigTrouble/{puppack files}`
5.  Unzip the `use_these_pup_files.zip` from the `external/vpx-big_trouble` folder in the [repository](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/tree/main/external/vpx-big_trouble)
6.  Place them inside the `pupvideos/BigTrouble` folder, and overwrite files if prompted.  **This is necessary otherwise it does not work**
7. Enjoy this amazing table with extra sounds and videos! 


<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>

Commit message:

Add BTLC Instructions
This updates the README.md for the option section on how to download
and install the instructions.  The actual instructions are not included
due to the file being hosted on VPUniverse.

Instructions are best displayed for this game on the DMD due to the
resolution of the file.

external/vpx-big_trouble/README.md, after:

﻿# Big Trouble in Little China (Original 2022)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-big_trouble.jpg)

<br>

## *️⃣  Table Statistics

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | 60 |

<br>

**VPXS 4KP Testers:**
  - T3chZombie
  - OminousOsie 🌸

<br>

---

<br>

## ❇️ Available in the Wizard! 🪄✨

<br>

This table is available through the Table Manager Wizard, which makes installation quick and easy!

### How to install:

1.  Open the **Table Manager**
2.  Click the **Add Table** button
3.  Select the **Wizard** tab
4.  Find and select this table from the dropdown menu: **`Big Trouble in Little China`**
5.  Follow the on-screen instructions to download and upload the required files
6. *"Remember, \"It's All In The Reflexes!\" ---Jack Burton"*

<br>

Using the Wizard ensures you get the latest table version, have all required files (ROM, backglass, etc.), and have all the VPXS 4KP team's table tweaks and improvements!

<br>

__*We hope you enjoy!!*__

*The VPXS 4KP Wizard team:*
<pre>
- n-i-x            - Mox              - Lloydbraun
- Boris Undead     - 'Coffee' Joe     - Ominous Osie 🌸
- Bla1ze           - evilwraith       - Silentkat        
- mrandromeda      - SScorpio         - TechZombie
</pre>

<br>

---

<br>

## ➕ Optional Extras

> All optional extras can be added to the table after the Wizard installation via: 
> -  Clicking `"Go to table"` directly after wizard installation
> -  Navigate to the table folder using the `USB Root` tab.

<br>
<br>

<table>
  <tr>
    <td style="background-color: #FFDDDD; padding: 0; border-left: 4px solid #FF0000;">
      <div style="padding: 8px 12px; background-color: #FFCCCB; font-weight: bold;font-size: 20px;">
        <strong>⚠️ WARNING ⚠️</strong>
      </div>
      <div style="padding: 12px 12px 12px 12px;">
        Manually added puppacks are not supported by the VPXS 4KP team<br>
		We will not be able to help you diagnose issues until this puppack is in the Wizard<br>
		You can however find a guide here on the wiki to help you install it yourself: <a href="https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B08%5D-%E2%9D%A4%EF%B8%8F-Pup-Pack-%E2%80%90-Manual-Install">❤️ Pup Pack ‐ Manual Install</a>
      </div>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>


### 🎦 Puppack (Backglass Videos/Music):

1.  Download the puppack `bigtroublepuppack.rar` from [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/11312-big-trouble-in-little-china/?do=download) (by [TeamTuga](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/31843-teamtuga/))
2.  Create the folder `pupvideos` within the `external/vpx-big_trouble` folder in the Table Manager
3.  Extract the folder `BigTrouble` from the puppack zip, and put it in the `pupvideos`
4.  You should now have `external/vpx-big_trouble/pupvideos/BigTrouble/{puppack files}`
5.  Unzip the `use_these_pup_files.zip` from the `external/vpx-big_trouble` folder in the [repository](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/tree/main/external/vpx-big_trouble)
6.  Place them inside the `pupvideos/BigTrouble` folder, and overwrite files if prompted.  **This is necessary otherwise it does not work**
7. Enjoy this amazing table with extra sounds and videos! 

###  Instructions (Backglass/DMD loading screens) - Optional

The instructions must be a PNG.  Instructions can be set to display to either the DMD or the Backglass.  Depending on the instructions and resolution, they may look better on one or the other.  See the recommendation below where these instructions display best.

1. Download the instructions 'BTiLC Instruction Card.png' from [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/11322-big-trouble-in-little-china-instruction-card/?do=download) (by [timhobbs](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/50233-timhobbs/))
2. Copy the file to either `dmd.png` or `backglass.png`.
3. Place the file(s) in the `external/vpx-big_trouble` directory.
4. Launch the table and the instructions will load onto either the dmd or the backglass while the table is launched.

**Recommendation:**

These instructions look best on the DMD.

<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
