external/vpx-evelknievel/README.md, before:

# Evel Knievel (Bally 1977)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-evelknievel.jpg) 

Table

Author: [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  
Filename:  Evel Knievel (Bally 1977) 5.0.vpx.zip  
VPX Version: (V5.0) Evel Knievel (Bally 1977) 5.0.vpx  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/16372-evel-knievel-bally-1977v50/?tab=reviews&sort=newest#review-15432) 

Backglass

Author: [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  
Filename: Evel Knievel (Bally 1977).zip  
VPX Version: (V1.0.0) Evel Knievel (Bally 1977).directb2s  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/16371-evel-knievel-bally-1977-b2s/) 

ROM

Author: [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5)  
Evel Knievel - ROM  
Filename: evelknie.zip  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=709) 

MD5: 0A4EE8DE5FAE09245480C03F66B8F2F6  
SHA-1: 9D218CE28FA45F1555052ECC18C48DA5C82FB1CD 
  
Tested and Fixed by:  
[TechZombie] 

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 50 |

## Instructions

- "When you're mad at someone, it's probably best not to break his arm with a baseball bat." - Evel Knievel 


> **This table contains a few audio errors (error 21: no 3D support) that should be fixed in a future VPX Standalone Update**

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-evelknievel/README.md, after:

# Evel Knievel (Bally 1977)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-evelknievel.jpg) 

Table

Author: [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  
Filename:  Evel Knievel (Bally 1977) 5.0.vpx.zip  
VPX Version: (V5.0) Evel Knievel (Bally 1977) 5.0.vpx  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/16372-evel-knievel-bally-1977v50/?tab=reviews&sort=newest#review-15432) 

Backglass

Author: [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  
Filename: Evel Knievel (Bally 1977).zip  
VPX Version: (V1.0.0) Evel Knievel (Bally 1977).directb2s  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/16371-evel-knievel-bally-1977-b2s/) 

ROM

Author: [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5)  
Evel Knievel - ROM  
Filename: evelknie.zip  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=709) 

MD5: 0A4EE8DE5FAE09245480C03F66B8F2F6  
SHA-1: 9D218CE28FA45F1555052ECC18C48DA5C82FB1CD 
  
Tested and Fixed by:  
[TechZombie] 

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 50 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- "When you're mad at someone, it's probably best not to break his arm with a baseball bat." - Evel Knievel
> **This table contains a few audio errors (error 21: no 3D support) that should be fixed in a future VPX Standalone Update**
