external/vpx-hollywoodheat/README.md, before:

# Hollywood Heat (Gottlieb 1986)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-hollywoodheat.jpg)

Author(s): [BorgDog](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5088-borgdog/)  
Version:  2115183029_HollywoodHeat(Gottlieb1986) 1.0  
Download:  [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/6299-hollywood-heat-gottlieb-1986/)

DirectB2S

Authors: [Walterwhite](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/17464-walterwhite/)  
Version: Hollywood Heat 3 Screen Full DMD 1.0.0  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/11052-hollywood-heat-3-screen-full-dmd/)

ROM: hlywoodh

Authors: [Rock-ola](https://pinballnirvana.com/forums/members/rock-ola.1/)  
Version: hlywoodh.zip  
Download: [Pinball Nirvana](https://pinballnirvana.com/forums/resources/hlywoodh.1942/)

Tested by:  
[CoffeeAtJoes]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 45 |

## Instructions

- "The Heat is on!"

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-hollywoodheat/README.md, after:

# Hollywood Heat (Gottlieb 1986)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-hollywoodheat.jpg)

Author(s): [BorgDog](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5088-borgdog/)  
Version:  2115183029_HollywoodHeat(Gottlieb1986) 1.0  
Download:  [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/6299-hollywood-heat-gottlieb-1986/)

DirectB2S

Authors: [Walterwhite](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/17464-walterwhite/)  
Version: Hollywood Heat 3 Screen Full DMD 1.0.0  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/11052-hollywood-heat-3-screen-full-dmd/)

ROM: hlywoodh

Authors: [Rock-ola](https://pinballnirvana.com/forums/members/rock-ola.1/)  
Version: hlywoodh.zip  
Download: [Pinball Nirvana](https://pinballnirvana.com/forums/resources/hlywoodh.1942/)

Tested by:  
[CoffeeAtJoes]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 45 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- "The Heat is on!"
