external/vpx-phoenix/README.md, before:

# Phoenix (Williams 1978)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-phoenix.png)

**Table**

Author: [JPSalas](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=277)  
Version: 5.5.0  
Download: [VPForums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=16456)

**DirectB2S**

Author: [Hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/21369-phoenix-williams-1978-b2s/)

**ROM**

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/4744-phoenix-l-1/)  

SHA: 22d990057423e936475df9baa4365ee1b3417d69  
MD5: a5de3a78c1e7eebcf1d1378362ea94b2

**Alt Color DMD**

Author: [KRAKEN](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/24633-odinbolt/)  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/22901-williams-system-46-serum-pack/)

Tested by: Bla1ze

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-2042-1431983

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 60 |

## Instructions

- If using the Alt Color, download and create an altcolor folder inside the pinmame folder. Unzip the ""Williams System 4&6 Serum pack" file and copy the phnix_l1 folder to the altcolor folder.
- The fiery Phoenix! 🔥

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-phoenix/README.md, after:

# Phoenix (Williams 1978)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-phoenix.png)

**Table**

Author: [JPSalas](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=277)  
Version: 5.5.0  
Download: [VPForums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=16456)

**DirectB2S**

Author: [Hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/21369-phoenix-williams-1978-b2s/)

**ROM**

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/4744-phoenix-l-1/)  

SHA: 22d990057423e936475df9baa4365ee1b3417d69  
MD5: a5de3a78c1e7eebcf1d1378362ea94b2

**Alt Color DMD**

Author: [KRAKEN](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/24633-odinbolt/)  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/22901-williams-system-46-serum-pack/)

Tested by: Bla1ze

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-2042-1431983

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 60 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- If using the Alt Color, download and create an altcolor folder inside the pinmame folder. Unzip the ""Williams System 4&6 Serum pack" file and copy the phnix_l1 folder to the altcolor folder.
- The fiery Phoenix! 🔥
