external/vpx-roadkings/README.md, before:

# Road Kings (Williams 1986)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-roadkings-preview.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=17600) | 2.0 | [bigus1](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=107629) |
| **B2S** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=11058) | 1.0 | [kramer73](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=309) |
| **ROM** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=134) | rdkng_l4 | [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5) |

---

## Status 
Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 52 |

---

## Instructions


---

**MD5:** b67773ff44caaeeec6e4e3f3f1079a68

**Tested by:** Shaver

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-roadkings/README.md, after:

# Road Kings (Williams 1986)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-roadkings-preview.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=17600) | 2.0 | [bigus1](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=107629) |
| **B2S** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=11058) | 1.0 | [kramer73](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=309) |
| **ROM** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=134) | rdkng_l4 | [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5) |

---

## Status 
Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 52 |

---

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
---
