external/vpx-bmx/README.md, before:

# BMX (Radical Rick) (Bally 1983)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-bmx.png)

Tested by: Mox

## Information
| File Type | Link | Version | Author(s) | 
|:---------:|:----:|:-------:|:---------:|
| VPX | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/20599-bmx-bally-1983-radical-rick-dtfsvr/) | 1.3 | [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/) |
| DirectB2S | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/20598-bmx-bally-1983-radical-rick-b2s/) | 1.0 | [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/) |
| ROM | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/1059-bmx-bally-1982/) | bmx | [VPUStaff](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/50-vpustaff/) |

## Status 
Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-2006-6d603fb

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|:---------:|:--------:|:---------:|:---:|:------------:|:---:|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 55 |

## Instructions
- "I don't crash, I do random gravity checks."

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-bmx/README.md, after:

# BMX (Radical Rick) (Bally 1983)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-bmx.png)

Tested by: Mox

## Information
| File Type | Link | Version | Author(s) | 
|:---------:|:----:|:-------:|:---------:|
| VPX | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/20599-bmx-bally-1983-radical-rick-dtfsvr/) | 1.3 | [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/) |
| DirectB2S | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/20598-bmx-bally-1983-radical-rick-b2s/) | 1.0 | [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/) |
| ROM | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/1059-bmx-bally-1982/) | bmx | [VPUStaff](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/50-vpustaff/) |

## Status 
Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-2006-6d603fb

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|:---------:|:--------:|:---------:|:---:|:------------:|:---:|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 55 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- "I don't crash, I do random gravity checks."
