external/vpx-bonanza/README.md, before:

# Bonanza (Original 2022)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-bonanza.png)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/10441-bonanza-edition-100-reskin-iceman-2022-back-to-the-60-jahre/) | 1.0.0 | [icepinball](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/4306-icepinball/) |
| **B2S** | Included with Table Zip | 1.0.0 | [icepinball](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/4306-icepinball/) |
| **ROM** | [Archive](https://archive.org/details/genie_202412) | genie.zip | [TechZombie] |

**Tested by:** [TechZombie]

---

## Status 
**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** {vpx-standalone-build-#}

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 58 |

---

## Instructions

- "I don't have anything against education - as long as it doesn't interfere with your thinking!" - Ben Cartwright

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-bonanza/README.md, after:

# Bonanza (Original 2022)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-bonanza.png)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/10441-bonanza-edition-100-reskin-iceman-2022-back-to-the-60-jahre/) | 1.0.0 | [icepinball](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/4306-icepinball/) |
| **B2S** | Included with Table Zip | 1.0.0 | [icepinball](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/4306-icepinball/) |
| **ROM** | [Archive](https://archive.org/details/genie_202412) | genie.zip | [TechZombie] |

**Tested by:** [TechZombie]

---

## Status 
**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** {vpx-standalone-build-#}

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 58 |

---

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- "I don't have anything against education - as long as it doesn't interfere with your thinking!" - Ben Cartwright
