external/vpx-wpt/README.md, before:

# World Poker Tour (Stern 2006)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-wpt.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author |
|:---------:|:----:|:-------:|:------:|
| VPX | [VPForums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=16725) | 2.1 | [BIGUS](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=107629) |
| B2S | [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/13756-world-poker-tour-stern-2006-alt-b2s-with-full-dmd/) | N/A | [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/) |
| DMD | N/A | N/A | N/A |
| ROM | [Stern](https://sternpinball.com/game/world-poker-tour/) | wpt_140a.zip | N/A |

**Tested by:** [evilwraith & reboot]

---

## Status 
Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 40 |

---

## Instructions

- Install this table through the Table Manager, using the `Add Table` > `Manual` page
- If you need help, more infomation found on the wiki: [TM - Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Rename the ROM zip file to wpt_140a.zip

Commit message:

Updated readme.md and table.ini

external/vpx-wpt/README.md, after:

# World Poker Tour (Stern 2006)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-wpt.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author |
|:---------:|:----:|:-------:|:------:|
| VPX | [VPForums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=16725) | 2.1 | [BIGUS](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=107629) |
| B2S | [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/13756-world-poker-tour-stern-2006-alt-b2s-with-full-dmd/) | N/A | [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/) |
| DMD | N/A | N/A | N/A |
| ROM | [Stern](https://sternpinball.com/game/world-poker-tour/) | wpt_140a.zip | N/A |

**Tested by:** [evilwraith & reboot]

---

## Status 
Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 40 |

---

## Instructions

- Install this table through the Table Manager, using the `Add Table` > `Manual` page
- If you need help, more infomation found on the wiki: [TM - Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Copy over the backglass.png into the vpx-wpt folder in the table manager
- Rename the ROM zip file to wpt_140a.zip
