external/vpx-safecracker/README.md, before:

# Safe Cracker (Bally 1996)

Tested By: kaoticBPR

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-safecracker.jpg)

Author: [fuzzel](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=69907)  
Version: 1.0  
Download: [VPforums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=13536)

DirectB2S

Author: [Wildman](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5-wildman/)  
Version: 1.0.0  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/6999-safe-cracker-bally-1996/)

ROMs: This table requires two ROMS: (1) sc_18n11 and (2) sc_18s11

(1) Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/5161-safe-cracker-18-no-percentaging-s11)  
(2) Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/5162-safe-cracker-18-s11/)

ROM Names and Version: sc_18n11 and sc_18s11

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 45 |

## Instructions

- "Crack the safe, get rich, before time runs out!"

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-safecracker/README.md, after:

# Safe Cracker (Bally 1996)

Tested By: kaoticBPR

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-safecracker.jpg)

Author: [fuzzel](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=69907)  
Version: 1.0  
Download: [VPforums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=13536)

DirectB2S

Author: [Wildman](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5-wildman/)  
Version: 1.0.0  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/6999-safe-cracker-bally-1996/)

ROMs: This table requires two ROMS: (1) sc_18n11 and (2) sc_18s11

(1) Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/5161-safe-cracker-18-no-percentaging-s11)  
(2) Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/5162-safe-cracker-18-s11/)

ROM Names and Version: sc_18n11 and sc_18s11

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 45 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- "Crack the safe, get rich, before time runs out!"
