external/vpx-timefantasy/README.md, before:

# Time Fantasy (Williams 1983)
Tested By: kaoticBPR

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-timefantasy.jpg)VRRoom1.0.jpg.cf527fbdb32dd5cb748279eb5f1e0d15.jpg)

Authors: [goldchicco](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/23579-goldchicco/)
Version: 1.0.0
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/13274-time-fantasy-williams-1983/)

DirectB2S

Authors: [arestis](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/2974-arestis/)
Version: 1.0.0
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/13327-time-fantasy-3-screen-authenticdirectb2s/)

ROM

Download: [vpforums](http://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=233)
ROM Name and version: tmfnt_l5

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 42 |

## Instructions

- "The Snail looks creepy as hell!"

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-timefantasy/README.md, after:

# Time Fantasy (Williams 1983)
Tested By: kaoticBPR

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-timefantasy.jpg)VRRoom1.0.jpg.cf527fbdb32dd5cb748279eb5f1e0d15.jpg)

Authors: [goldchicco](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/23579-goldchicco/)
Version: 1.0.0
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/13274-time-fantasy-williams-1983/)

DirectB2S

Authors: [arestis](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/2974-arestis/)
Version: 1.0.0
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/13327-time-fantasy-3-screen-authenticdirectb2s/)

ROM

Download: [vpforums](http://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=233)
ROM Name and version: tmfnt_l5

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 42 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- "The Snail looks creepy as hell!"
