external/vpx-rollergames/README.md, before:

# RollerGames (Williams 1990)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-rollergames.png)

Author: [drakkon](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/51568-drakkon/)  
Version: RollerGames (Williams 1990)_drakkon(mod_1.1)  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/11677-rollergames-williams-1990-drakkon-mod-11/)

DirectB2S

Authors: [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  
Version: Rollergames (Williams 1990) full dmd  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/16638-rollergames-williams-1990-b2s-with-full-dmd/)

ROM: Rollergames (L-2)

Authors: [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5)  
Version: rollr_l2.zip  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=941)

Tested by:
[CoffeeAtJoes]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 45 |

## Notes

- DMD in backglass

## Instructions

- "I want my ROCK... and ROLLERGAMES!!!"

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-rollergames/README.md, after:

# RollerGames (Williams 1990)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-rollergames.png)

Author: [drakkon](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/51568-drakkon/)  
Version: RollerGames (Williams 1990)_drakkon(mod_1.1)  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/11677-rollergames-williams-1990-drakkon-mod-11/)

DirectB2S

Authors: [hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  
Version: Rollergames (Williams 1990) full dmd  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/16638-rollergames-williams-1990-b2s-with-full-dmd/)

ROM: Rollergames (L-2)

Authors: [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5)  
Version: rollr_l2.zip  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=941)

Tested by:
[CoffeeAtJoes]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 45 |

## Notes

- DMD in backglass

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- "I want my ROCK... and ROLLERGAMES!!!"
