external/vpx-flashgordon/README.md, before:

# Flash Gordon (Bally 1981) 2.0.2

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-flashgordon.png)

Author(s): [rothbauerw](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/10798-rothbauerw/)  
Version: Flash Gordon (Bally 1981) 2.0.2.zip
Download:  [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/11584-flash-gordon-bally-1981/)

DirectB2S

Version: Flash Gordon (Bally 1981) Blacksad B2S.zip

Author(s): [Blacksad](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/9127-blacksad/)  
Download:  [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/11584-flash-gordon-bally-1981/)

ROM:
flashgdn.zip

Author(s): [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5)  
Download:  [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=668)

Tested by:
[TechZombie]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 35 |

## Instructions

- "Klytus, I'm Boooored" --Emperor Ming

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-flashgordon/README.md, after:

# Flash Gordon (Bally 1981) 2.0.2

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-flashgordon.png)

Author(s): [rothbauerw](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/10798-rothbauerw/)  
Version: Flash Gordon (Bally 1981) 2.0.2.zip
Download:  [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/11584-flash-gordon-bally-1981/)

DirectB2S

Version: Flash Gordon (Bally 1981) Blacksad B2S.zip

Author(s): [Blacksad](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/9127-blacksad/)  
Download:  [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/11584-flash-gordon-bally-1981/)

ROM:
flashgdn.zip

Author(s): [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5)  
Download:  [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=668)

Tested by:
[TechZombie]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 35 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- "Klytus, I'm Boooored" --Emperor Ming
