external/vpx-classof1984/README.md, before:

# Class of 1984 (Original 2024)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-classof1984.png)

Authors: [marcobus2005](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/53087-marcobus2005/)  
Download File Name: Class1984.zip  
Filename: Class of 1984 (Iceman 2024).vpx  
Download: [VP Forums](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/19146-class-of-1984-backglass-und-pup-version/)

DirectB2S included with Table.rar file. 

ROM 

Authors: [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5)  
Filename: seawitch.zip  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=742)

Tested by: TechZombie

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 52 |

## Instructions

- Select/Copy Music Folder and move to external/vpx-classof1984
- " I'ma gonna kill yo', sucka! No one messes around wit' my man, Leroy. I'm gonna cut you, white-meat." - Joo Joo

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-classof1984/README.md, after:

# Class of 1984 (Original 2024)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-classof1984.png)

Authors: [marcobus2005](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/53087-marcobus2005/)  
Download File Name: Class1984.zip  
Filename: Class of 1984 (Iceman 2024).vpx  
Download: [VP Forums](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/19146-class-of-1984-backglass-und-pup-version/)

DirectB2S included with Table.rar file. 

ROM 

Authors: [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5)  
Filename: seawitch.zip  
Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=742)

Tested by: TechZombie

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 52 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Select/Copy Music Folder and move to external/vpx-classof1984
- " I'ma gonna kill yo', sucka! No one messes around wit' my man, Leroy. I'm gonna cut you, white-meat." - Joo Joo
