external/vpx-evildead2a/README.md, before:

# Evil Dead 2 - Version A (Original 2022)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-evildead2a.jpg)

Authors: [bombaj344](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/33732-bombaj344/)  
Download: 2050363239_EvilDed2.rar  
Filename: Evil Ded2  2022 verA.vpx  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/8953-the-evil-dead-2-2022/)

DirectB2S

Authors: [ivantba](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=123858)  
Download: Evil Dead 2 (TBA 2019).rar  
Filename: Evil Dead 2 (TBA 2019).directb2s  
Download: [VPforums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=14439)


ROM

Authors: [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5)  
Filename: ironmaid.zip  
Download: [VP Universe](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=169)

Music Folder is included in Table Download

Tested by: TechZombie

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 60 |

## Instructions

- Copy (Music) folder to vpx-evildead2a/music
- "That's right... who's laughing now... who's laughing *now*?" - Ash

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-evildead2a/README.md, after:

# Evil Dead 2 - Version A (Original 2022)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-evildead2a.jpg)

Authors: [bombaj344](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/33732-bombaj344/)  
Download: 2050363239_EvilDed2.rar  
Filename: Evil Ded2  2022 verA.vpx  
Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/8953-the-evil-dead-2-2022/)

DirectB2S

Authors: [ivantba](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=123858)  
Download: Evil Dead 2 (TBA 2019).rar  
Filename: Evil Dead 2 (TBA 2019).directb2s  
Download: [VPforums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=14439)


ROM

Authors: [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5)  
Filename: ironmaid.zip  
Download: [VP Universe](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=169)

Music Folder is included in Table Download

Tested by: TechZombie

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 60 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Copy (Music) folder to vpx-evildead2a/music
- "That's right... who's laughing now... who's laughing *now*?" - Ash
