external/vpx-predator2/README.md, before:

# Predator 2 (Original 2019)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-predator2.png)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=16311) | 1.0 | [ivantba](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=123858) |
| **B2S** | Included with Table Zip | 1.0.0 | [ivantba](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=123858) |
| **ROM** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=804) | wrlok_l3.zip | [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5) |

**Tested by:** [TechZombie]

---

## Status 
**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** {vpx-standalone-build-#}

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 60 |

---

## Instructions

- Select/Copy Music Folder and move to `vpx-predator2`
- "He's on Safari. The lions, the tigers, the bears... oh my!" - Peter Keyes

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-predator2/README.md, after:

# Predator 2 (Original 2019)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-predator2.png)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=16311) | 1.0 | [ivantba](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=123858) |
| **B2S** | Included with Table Zip | 1.0.0 | [ivantba](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=123858) |
| **ROM** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=804) | wrlok_l3.zip | [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5) |

**Tested by:** [TechZombie]

---

## Status 
**Minimum VPX Standalone build:** {vpx-standalone-build-#}

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 60 |

---

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Select/Copy Music Folder and move to `vpx-predator2`
- "He's on Safari. The lions, the tigers, the bears... oh my!" - Peter Keyes
