external/vpx-halloween/README.md, before:

# Halloween 1978-1981 (Original 2022) 

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-halloween.png)

Author: [HiRez00](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/19941-hirez00/)  

Tested by: Bla1ze

Version: 1.03

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/11966-halloween-1978-1981-original-2022-vpx/)

DirectB2S

Author: [HiRez00](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/19941-hirez00/)  


Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/11966-halloween-1978-1981-original-2022-vpx/)

ROM

Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=659)

SHA: 5f6ab55f2ed5aa82a54b02c56a3394de57c6058a

MD5: 460f916d4e656e4d73adbdc910424e9770f0f3a0

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|----------|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 40 |

## Instructions

- For the music files, download them at the table download link, and create a music folder. Unzip the music files and place the Halloween folder inside the music folder you created. The structure should look like this: "vpx-halloween/music/Hallowen"
- You're Talking About Him As If He Were A Human Being. That Part Of Him Died Years Ago! 🎃

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-halloween/README.md, after:

# Halloween 1978-1981 (Original 2022) 

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-halloween.png)

Author: [HiRez00](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/19941-hirez00/)  

Tested by: Bla1ze

Version: 1.03

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/11966-halloween-1978-1981-original-2022-vpx/)

DirectB2S

Author: [HiRez00](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/19941-hirez00/)  


Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/11966-halloween-1978-1981-original-2022-vpx/)

ROM

Download: [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=659)

SHA: 5f6ab55f2ed5aa82a54b02c56a3394de57c6058a

MD5: 460f916d4e656e4d73adbdc910424e9770f0f3a0

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|----------|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 40 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- For the music files, download them at the table download link, and create a music folder. Unzip the music files and place the Halloween folder inside the music folder you created. The structure should look like this: "vpx-halloween/music/Hallowen"
- You're Talking About Him As If He Were A Human Being. That Part Of Him Died Years Ago! 🎃
