external/vpx-metropolis/README.md, before:

# Metropolis (Original 2022)
Tested By: kaoticBPR

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-metropolis.png)

Authors: [funkatron101](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/49709-funkatron101/)  
Version: 1.1  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/10195-metropolis-reborn/)

DirectB2S

Two versions of the backglass are included with the table (5x4 and 16x9) - Use the 16x9 version.

ROM

Download: [Pinball Nirvana](https://pinballnirvana.com/forums/resources/genesis.1862/)  
Metropolis uses the genesis rom (genesis.zip)

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 46 |

## Instructions

- If you want to use the custom music, CREATE a folder in the main vpx-metropolis folder called "Music" and place mp3 files in there
- "You must rebuild her, she must be reborn!"

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-metropolis/README.md, after:

# Metropolis (Original 2022)
Tested By: kaoticBPR

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-metropolis.png)

Authors: [funkatron101](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/49709-funkatron101/)  
Version: 1.1  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/10195-metropolis-reborn/)

DirectB2S

Two versions of the backglass are included with the table (5x4 and 16x9) - Use the 16x9 version.

ROM

Download: [Pinball Nirvana](https://pinballnirvana.com/forums/resources/genesis.1862/)  
Metropolis uses the genesis rom (genesis.zip)

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 46 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- If you want to use the custom music, CREATE a folder in the main vpx-metropolis folder called "Music" and place mp3 files in there
- "You must rebuild her, she must be reborn!"
