external/vpx-beverlyhillscop/README.md, before:

# Beverly Hills Cop (TBA 2019)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-beverly-hills-preview.png)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=14501) | Beverly Hills Cop (TBA 2019) 1.0 | [ivantba](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=123858) |
| **B2S** | included in .rar | 1.0 | [ivantba](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=123858) |
| **DMD** | included in .rar | 1.0 | [ivantba](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=123858) |
| **ROM** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=479) | faeton.zip | [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5)   |

**Tested by:** [TechZombie]

---

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 57 |

---

## Instructions

- Open the Music file and copy Beverly Hills Cop (Music).mp3 into the music file on your USB drive.
- Go fire up your Vpin and enjoy!
> "Billy, you know, you don't have to be embarrassed if your USB gets hard." ---Axel Foley

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-beverlyhillscop/README.md, after:

# Beverly Hills Cop (TBA 2019)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-beverly-hills-preview.png)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=14501) | Beverly Hills Cop (TBA 2019) 1.0 | [ivantba](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=123858) |
| **B2S** | included in .rar | 1.0 | [ivantba](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=123858) |
| **DMD** | included in .rar | 1.0 | [ivantba](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=123858) |
| **ROM** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=479) | faeton.zip | [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5)   |

**Tested by:** [TechZombie]

---

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 57 |

---

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Open the Music file and copy Beverly Hills Cop (Music).mp3 into the music file on your USB drive.
- Go fire up your Vpin and enjoy!
> "Billy, you know, you don't have to be embarrassed if your USB gets hard." ---Axel Foley
