external/vpx-startrekle/README.md, before:

# Star Trek (Enterprise Limited Edition) - Stern (2013)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-startrekle.png)

Author: [TastyWasps](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/44724-tastywasps/)  

Tested by: Bla1ze

Version: 1.09

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/17313-star-trek-le-stern-2013/)

DirectB2S

Author: [Hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  

Version: 1.0.0

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/17314-star-trek-le-stern-2013-b2s-with-full-dmd/)

ROM

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/3990-star-trek-stern-limited-edition-v161/)

SHA: dd746b9de3f0282b9732851689f1fef4e3c3f8b0

MD5: 54d77bbdb19c9dd8732f2340c2c0d62c


## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 35 |
## Instructions

- KHAAANNNN!

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-startrekle/README.md, after:

# Star Trek (Enterprise Limited Edition) - Stern (2013)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-startrekle.png)

Author: [TastyWasps](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/44724-tastywasps/)  

Tested by: Bla1ze

Version: 1.09

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/17313-star-trek-le-stern-2013/)

DirectB2S

Author: [Hauntfreaks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5216-hauntfreaks/)  

Version: 1.0.0

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/17314-star-trek-le-stern-2013-b2s-with-full-dmd/)

ROM

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/3990-star-trek-stern-limited-edition-v161/)

SHA: dd746b9de3f0282b9732851689f1fef4e3c3f8b0

MD5: 54d77bbdb19c9dd8732f2340c2c0d62c


## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 35 |
## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- KHAAANNNN!
