external/vpx-charliesangelsremix/README.md, before:

# Charlie's Angels (Gottlieb 1978) iDig Complete rEMix

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-charliesangelsremix.png)

Author(s): [iDigStuff](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/29753-idigstuff/)  
Version:  Charlies-Angels-Gottlieb-1978-iDig-Complete-rEMix.zip
Download:  [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/5943-charlie%e2%80%99s-angels-gottlieb-1978-idig-complete-remix/)

DirectB2S

Version: Charlie's Angels (Gottlieb 1978) iDig Complete rEMix.directb2s
directb2s file is included in the table zip.

Author(s): [iDigStuff](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/29753-idigstuff/) 

ROM: charlies.zip (Custom Created ROM) (Compatible with VpinMame beta 3.6 and newer.)
Charlie's Angels - ROM
Click "SHOW ALL" / Click "charlies.zip"

Author(s): [TechZombie]
Download:  [Internet Archive](https://archive.org/details/charlies_202408)

Tested by:
[TechZombie]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 57 |

## Instructions

- Open Charlies-Angels-Gottlieb-1978-iDig-Complete-rEMix, Place Music Folder "Charlie" ---> vpx-charliesangelsremix\music\EM\.
- Go fire up your Vpin and enjoy!
- "Good Morning Vpins!" ---Charlie Townsend

**The Complete Remix is an ALL-IN-ONE that replaces any previous versions**
and contains three different sound modes to select from.

The Complete rEMix Version Includes:

Version 1 All NEW 70's TV Show Edition **Default**
(True to the original TV series featuring callouts and sfx from the show with an all new 70's cop show soundtrack.)
Version 2 The Original iDigrEMix Vol. 1 
(This is the original rEMix with music inspired by the film series)
Version 3 JPSalas Original Table 
(Original Table with NO mods applied.)
**The table defaults to Version 1**
I have included 2 folders which include a (.vbs) script that will change the soundtrack to either version 2 or version 3.
Simply open the folder of your choice and copy the (.vbs) and place it ---> vpx-charliesangelsremix with your (.vpx).

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-charliesangelsremix/README.md, after:

# Charlie's Angels (Gottlieb 1978) iDig Complete rEMix

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-charliesangelsremix.png)

Author(s): [iDigStuff](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/29753-idigstuff/)  
Version:  Charlies-Angels-Gottlieb-1978-iDig-Complete-rEMix.zip
Download:  [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/5943-charlie%e2%80%99s-angels-gottlieb-1978-idig-complete-remix/)

DirectB2S

Version: Charlie's Angels (Gottlieb 1978) iDig Complete rEMix.directb2s
directb2s file is included in the table zip.

Author(s): [iDigStuff](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/29753-idigstuff/) 

ROM: charlies.zip (Custom Created ROM) (Compatible with VpinMame beta 3.6 and newer.)
Charlie's Angels - ROM
Click "SHOW ALL" / Click "charlies.zip"

Author(s): [TechZombie]
Download:  [Internet Archive](https://archive.org/details/charlies_202408)

Tested by:
[TechZombie]

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 57 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Open Charlies-Angels-Gottlieb-1978-iDig-Complete-rEMix, Place Music Folder "Charlie" ---> vpx-charliesangelsremix\music\EM\.
- Go fire up your Vpin and enjoy!
- "Good Morning Vpins!" ---Charlie Townsend
