external/vpx-thematrix/README.md, before:

# The Matrix (Original 2023)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-thematrix.png)

Authors: [Enthusiast](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/62357-enthusiast/) & [VP_Cooks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/33960-vp_cooks/)  
Version: 1.0.14  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/18478-the-matrix-pup-pack-wtable-vp-cooks-pup-by-enthusiast/)

PupPack

Included with table

DirectB2S

None

ROM

None

Tested by: evilwraith

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | 48 |


---

<br>

<table>
  <tr>
    <td style="background-color: #FFDDDD; padding: 0; border-left: 4px solid #FF0000;">
      <div style="padding: 8px 12px; background-color: #FFCCCB; font-weight: bold;font-size: 20px;">
        <strong>⚠️ WARNING ⚠️</strong>
      </div>
      <div style="padding: 12px 12px 12px 12px;">
        Manually added puppacks are not supported by the VPXS 4KP team<br>
		We will not be able to help you diagnose issues until this puppack is in the Wizard<br>
		You can however find a guide here on the wiki to help you install it yourself: <a href="https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B08%5D-%E2%9D%A4%EF%B8%8F-Pup-Pack-%E2%80%90-Manual-Install">❤️ Pup Pack ‐ Manual Install</a>
      </div>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>


## Instructions

- Download the PupPack, extract, and place in external/vpx-thematrix/pupvideos
- "What is The Matrix? Nothing but a miserable pile of secrets."

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-thematrix/README.md, after:

# The Matrix (Original 2023)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-thematrix.png)

Authors: [Enthusiast](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/62357-enthusiast/) & [VP_Cooks](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/33960-vp_cooks/)  
Version: 1.0.14  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/18478-the-matrix-pup-pack-wtable-vp-cooks-pup-by-enthusiast/)

PupPack

Included with table

DirectB2S

None

ROM

None

Tested by: evilwraith

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | 48 |


---

<br>

<table>
  <tr>
    <td style="background-color: #FFDDDD; padding: 0; border-left: 4px solid #FF0000;">
      <div style="padding: 8px 12px; background-color: #FFCCCB; font-weight: bold;font-size: 20px;">
        <strong>⚠️ WARNING ⚠️</strong>
      </div>
      <div style="padding: 12px 12px 12px 12px;">
        Manually added puppacks are not supported by the VPXS 4KP team<br>
		We will not be able to help you diagnose issues until this puppack is in the Wizard<br>
		You can however find a guide here on the wiki to help you install it yourself: <a href="https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B08%5D-%E2%9D%A4%EF%B8%8F-Pup-Pack-%E2%80%90-Manual-Install">❤️ Pup Pack ‐ Manual Install</a>
      </div>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>


## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Download the PupPack, extract, and place in external/vpx-thematrix/pupvideos
- "What is The Matrix? Nothing but a miserable pile of secrets."
