external/vpx-cirqus/README.md, before:

# Cirqus Voltaire (Bally 1997)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-cirqus.png)

Author: [Knorr](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/3120-knorr/) 

Tested by: Mar3nBu 

Version: 1.1 

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/10529-cirqus-voltaire-bally-1997/)


DirectB2S

Author: [Blacksad](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/9127-blacksad/)

Download [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/19287-cirqus-voltaire-bally-1997-b2s-with-full-dmd/) Filename: Cirqus Voltaire (Bally 1997).directb2s


ROM

Download [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=1292)

SHA: 4226b5729a574c672dcff3a43fd1dff0767cad8b

MD5: 916cb17525ce6445e1d8da019fc8c951



## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 35 |



## Instructions

- Get ready for the greatest pinball on earth!

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-cirqus/README.md, after:

# Cirqus Voltaire (Bally 1997)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-cirqus.png)

Author: [Knorr](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/3120-knorr/) 

Tested by: Mar3nBu 

Version: 1.1 

Download: [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/10529-cirqus-voltaire-bally-1997/)


DirectB2S

Author: [Blacksad](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/9127-blacksad/)

Download [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/19287-cirqus-voltaire-bally-1997-b2s-with-full-dmd/) Filename: Cirqus Voltaire (Bally 1997).directb2s


ROM

Download [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=1292)

SHA: 4226b5729a574c672dcff3a43fd1dff0767cad8b

MD5: 916cb17525ce6445e1d8da019fc8c951



## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1983-b84441e
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | 35 |



## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Get ready for the greatest pinball on earth!
