external/vpx-georgemichael/README.md, before:

# George Michael - Faith (Original 2023)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-georgemichael.jpg)

Authors: [VLive](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/57704-vlive/)  
Filename: Faith George Michael ver. 1.01.vpx  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/13638-vpx-table-faith-george-michael-ver-101/)

DirectB2S

Authors: [VLive](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/57704-vlive/)  
Filename: Faith George Michael ver. 1.01.directb2s  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/13638-vpx-table-faith-george-michael-ver-101/)

ROM 

Authors: [TechZombie]  
Filename: charlies.zip  
Download: [Internet Archive](https://archive.org/details/charlies_202412)

Music

Authors: [TechZombie]  
Filename: music.zip  
Download: [Internet Archive](https://archive.org/details/music_202412)

Tested by: TechZombie

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 60 |

## Instructions

- Select/Copy music Folder and move to external/vpx-georgemichael
- "I still believe that music is one of the greatest gifts that God gave to man." - George Michael

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-georgemichael/README.md, after:

# George Michael - Faith (Original 2023)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-georgemichael.jpg)

Authors: [VLive](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/57704-vlive/)  
Filename: Faith George Michael ver. 1.01.vpx  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/13638-vpx-table-faith-george-michael-ver-101/)

DirectB2S

Authors: [VLive](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/57704-vlive/)  
Filename: Faith George Michael ver. 1.01.directb2s  
Download: [VPUniverse](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/13638-vpx-table-faith-george-michael-ver-101/)

ROM 

Authors: [TechZombie]  
Filename: charlies.zip  
Download: [Internet Archive](https://archive.org/details/charlies_202412)

Music

Authors: [TechZombie]  
Filename: music.zip  
Download: [Internet Archive](https://archive.org/details/music_202412)

Tested by: TechZombie

## Status 

Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013

| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 60 |

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
- Select/Copy music Folder and move to external/vpx-georgemichael
- "I still believe that music is one of the greatest gifts that God gave to man." - George Michael
