external/vpx-jpspeedtest/README.md, before:

# Speed Test (Taito do Brasil 1982)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-jps-speedtest-preview.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=13382) | 5.5.0 | [JP Salas](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=277) |
| **B2S** | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/4981-speed-test-taito-1982/) | 2.0.0 | [Wildman](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5-wildman/) |
| **ROM** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=575) | stest | [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5) |

---

## Status 
Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 55 |

---

## Instructions


---

**MD5**: 34bd55e0dc97c309c56beabafc606a19

**Tested by:** Shaver

Commit message:

Updated readmes with new instructions

external/vpx-jpspeedtest/README.md, after:

# Speed Test (Taito do Brasil 1982)

![Table Preview](../../images/vpx-jps-speedtest-preview.jpg)

---

## Files
| File Type | Link | Version | Author | 
|-----------|--------|----------|--------------|
| **VPX** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=13382) | 5.5.0 | [JP Salas](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=277) |
| **B2S** | [VP Universe](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/4981-speed-test-taito-1982/) | 2.0.0 | [Wildman](https://vpuniverse.com/profile/5-wildman/) |
| **ROM** | [VP Forums](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?app=downloads&showfile=575) | stest | [destruk](https://www.vpforums.org/index.php?showuser=5) |

---

## Status 
Minimum VPX Standalone build: 10.8.0-1989-a764013
| Playfield | Controls | Backglass | DMD | ROM Required | FPS | 
|-----------|----------|-----------|-----|--------------|-----|
| :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: | :x: | :white_check_mark: | 55 |

---

## Instructions

- Make sure to use the Table Manager to install this table.
- Instructions can be found on the wiki [Add Table - Manual](https://github.com/LegendsUnchained/vpx-standalone-alp4k/wiki/%5B04%5D-%F0%9F%A7%A1-TM-%E2%80%90-Other-Features#add-table---manual)
- If the table requires any additional files/steps, click `GO TO TABLE` after adding, and the TM will open to the relevant table folder.
---
